Very disappointed in the customer service. We ordered Reuben's  and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut. They charged us $3.00 for the coleslaw. We will not be back . The iced tea is also terrible tasting.
Used to go there for tires, brakes, etc.  Their prices have gone way up-$400 for 4 mid-level tires for a Toyota.  Plus, 1 of the new tires went flat within 3 weeks.  Since they don\""t make appointments,  the wait to get the tire looked at was ~2 hours.  Sorry--can't wait that long to get a warranted repair,  They lost my business for good.
I got 'new' tires from them and within two weeks got a flat. I took my car to a local mechanic to see if i could get the hole patched, but they said the reason I had a flat was because the previous patch had blown - WAIT, WHAT? I just got the tire and never needed to have it patched? This was supposed to be a new tire. \nI took the tire over to Flynn's and they told me that someone punctured my tire, then tried to patch it. So there are resentful tire slashers? I find that very unlikely. After arguing with the guy and telling him that his logic was far fetched he said he'd give me a new tire \""this time\"". \nI will never go back to Flynn's b/c of the way this guy treated me and the simple fact that they gave me a used tire!
Terrible. Preordered my tires and when I arrived they couldn't find the order anywhere. Once we got through that process I waited over 2 hours for them to be put on... I was originally told it would take 30 mins. Slow, over priced, I'll go elsewhere next time.
I've been informed by a fellow Yelper that they are just closed for the season, I hope they're right! I find it strange they don't keep their phone number in service with a recording and that they didn't cover the course up to protect it from weather, vandalism, etc. Either way, I can't wait to get my game on in the spring!
Don't waste your time.  We had two different people come to our house to give us estimates for a deck (one of them the OWNER).  Both times, we never heard from them.  Not a call, not the estimate, nothing.
I will start by saying we have a nice new deck. That is where the good part ends.\n\nWhy two stars if we have a nice deck now? Well, it all started in May when we had a man named Al come out and talk to us about the process. He was a true salesman, I'll tell you that. Not a straight shooter, but an excited salesman that wanted to sell... And we bought into it.\n\nHe told us they were backed up with the harsh winter and a lot of jobs, but they could probably start by June 24th. Mind you, this was the end of May we met with him. He said they would have to do a survey of our land and get a permit from Dormont before they started. We felt confident in going with them, and booked it.\n\nHere's where things fell apart. Weeks went by with no word from them on the process. Finally I called and left messages. Al finally got in touch with me and the conversation was utterly confusing. He must have not understood me because he just kept talking in circles. So I hung up not knowing what was going on. Finally I called back and the admin told me that the survey could take a couple weeks to come back. I wish Al would have told us that.\n\nSo our June 24th date came and went. We finally got our survey. And they were quick to bill us for it, but no word on where we were in the process. I called back a couple times with no real answers from the admin. Apparently they were now waiting for the permit from Dormont.\n\nA month later, I was frustrated and asked to speak with someone at the company. I spoke with someone who told me that Dormont usually takes a week to process the permit, but we were now going on a month. He told me he would bug the guy about it and we finally got it. \n\nI completely understand that waiting on the permit is not their fault, but why no communication about it? Just call me and tell me they're waiting for the permit, but they'll work towards asking Dormont what the hold up is. Seems simple.\n\nFinally we get the permit and work is supposed to start. Tuesday comes and they have to wait for approval from Dormont on holes they're digging. So holes are dug and equipment is put in my backyard and then nothing happens for two days. Where did everyone go? Who knows, because I wasn't informed! \n\nI was upset and contacted the company owner, Dave, by email. I told him how frustrated I was about the lack of communication. He wrote me two sentences that  said \""there will be acres there tomorrow morning to finish and most will be done tomorrow.\"" Well, that didn't happen.\n\nThen two other dudes show up two days later and did work for about three hours and left. The main guy comes back the next day and says they did it wrong. So apparently the part about how they wouldn't need access to my house changes to they're drilling bolts into my house to secure he deck. \n\nFinally, the second week into construction, my tiny 10x11 foot deck is done. It was upsetting that they left the deck dirty, and all the dirt and cement they moved around wasn't cleaned up. I even asked them to fill all the holes they dug up and didn't use, and they only filled up one. When you create a construction project, isn't it just good business to clean it up and make it look nice? Didn't happen here.\n\nMy main point is, contractors have a reputation for not being the most trustworthy. Why be that company? Why not be an upstanding company that consumers can trust? My main issues with them were that things were not communicated to me properly up front, nor was the ongoing process communicated to me. Then they left everything unfinished in my eyes, leaving the site dirty. I understand things happen and things get delayed, but just email or call me. It's not that hard to keep me updated, it is 2014 with a million ways to be contacted.\n\nEven though I have a nice deck (after I clean things up myself!), I would not recommend them to anyone.
Hoofah.
Average run of the mill store.  Associates are young teens and they really don't know where anything is.  Luckily I am able to get around to find everything.  Found my puppy treats and moved on.
Two meals, on the recommendation of a friend who lives near the place, and after the second trip, I was compelled to write. 'Rocky' would definitely describe the experiences.\n\nOn the first trip, I went to try their (at that time)raved about Reuben. And YET to find a true good Reuben in da burgh, I tried it.\n\nWell, they were out of the proper bread, and the guy had to run to the store to buy the closest thing he could find, which was not the proper bread, and instead of one of their 'raved about' Reubens, I received two mini-Reubens, which basically took the guts from one Reuben, and spread it out onto two sandwiches on regular sized bread. I ate it. It wasn't great, but they swore it was because they'd run out of the bread. Bread or not, it still wasn't great. The atmosphere was pleasant in that 'blue collar bar' kind of way, and the staff was very nice, but not a winning pitch on the Reuben.\n\nThe second trip was after a long day of moving furniture with the same friend. Sat in the back room, instead of the bar, which felt more like a restaurant, of course, with the big screen TV covering the sports of the moment.\n\nI was in the mood for dinner this time, and after a scan, decided on fried chicken and mashed potatoes with the salad bar. My friend ordered one of her faves, the breaded pork chops.\n\nWe hit the salad bar, which was uber-basic. Three soups (mostly vegetable loaded, which left me out), basic iceberg lettuce mix (very probably out of a bag), a few veggie toppings, and three or four dressings. It was a basic salad, no big deal. More or less an appetizer filler before the meal.\n\nThe mind-blower in this trip was the ordering of the fried chicken dinner. Our waiter looked like a 19 year old gas station attendant, skinny little blonde guy with a sweet but incredibly naive face, and an air of vapidity, which was confirmed when I placed my order. I asked what chicken pieces came in the dinner, and asked if it was possible to only get dark meat. I never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be. It literally took him two trips back to the kitchen to 'ask', and the child honestly had no clue what 'white meat' and 'dark meat' meant. The first answer he came back with was that the chicken came in a pre-portioned prepared bag, kind of Kentucky Fried Chicken style...which didn't answer my question, thus prompting the second trip. \n\nAfter the second trip back I heard the cook holler 'Tell him I'll fix him up'. \n\nWell, the chicken was prepackaged dreck like you'd find in the freezer case of Walmart, tiny and not good, and the potatoes had that slight tinge of chem-spuds flavor, laden with some kind of chopped up green (parsley?), and a side of that basic brown gravy served up in 5 gallon buckets.\n\nThank goodness for the basic salad bar.\n\nEven my friend admitted that her pork chops were different and not what she'd expected. They also appeared to be from a freezer bag.\n\nThe irony was that the boy who didn't know white meat from dark meat, was chatting with some other customers...about baseball...and he was a genius about the mindless sport of baseball. Ahhhh da burgh.\n\nThird base? Nah...why bother when there are so many other options around. Go on in a grab a beer and chat black and gold if you happen to be in Carnegie...they can help you out all types of ways in that area. Just don't go hungry if you actually have tastebuds.\n\nFrom what I understand it 'used to be' really good homecooked food. But apparently, mama has left the kitchen.
If you are searching for a go to fish place for Lent....look no further.  This place will give you the best fish sandwich in Pittsburgh.  The sandwich has enough fish to make four sandwiches.  You will not be able to finish this sandwich in one seating.\nEnjoy....
Italian dinners, American, endless soup and salad bar is great. Most food for your dollar. I highly recommend. Great bar. Good place to watch a game. The bar can get quite noisy in the evenings, but it adds to the great atmosphere at Rocky's
Good Luck getting a seat, that's all I have to say. The Gab and Eat is famous and infamous. Diner food is what's up and I like it. When I was a roofing mechanic, we'd meet there before work. Although I'm not sure I would recommend it if you're working were there's no bathrooms. hehe
The biggest breakfast in Pittsburgh, as far as I can tell - and delicious and cheap too. I ordered some mix of eggs, bacon and pancakes - and got 2 dinner-sized plates, one loaded with pancakes and the other stuffed with eggs, bacon, and home fries. Oh, and a side of toast. For under $5, if I recall.\n\nHUGE portions, all well-executed; as good as DeLuca's.\n\nI've not had anything besides breakfast, so can't comment on the burger or anything else.\n\nCramped quarters, and you'll have to wait, but when nothing but monster morning food will do, this is the destination.
Cheap, unpretentious, and, for this, one of my favorite breakfast joints in the country.  Simply put I LOVE it here.  The mixed grill, the sausage and egg on a biscuit, the home fries.  This it the very definition of diner.  Thank you Gab 'n' Eat!
I've lived in Pittsburgh for 6 years, and in Carnegie for over 2 years, and by far, this is the best greasy spoon joint I've found. If you can stomach the wait (no reservations, naturally), you'll enjoy overflowing plates of goodness, thanks to the well-seasoned griddle where all of the food is made. \n\nHere are the highlights:\n\n-Cheap: Breakfast for two can be well under $10, with lunch around the same.\n-Crowded: Get there early and expect to wait. They close pretty early on the weekends too (oddly, at 12:45pm)\n-Cash only\n-Huge portions: When ordering fries or homefries, always get the half order, unless you're a lumberjack\n-About those homefries: They're often undercooked. I've had better, believe me. My favorite things to eat in life are potato products.\n-My favorite item: hot sausage sandwich on thick Italian toast, with cheese, lettuce, tomato and mayo
Definitely a greasy spoon! Always packed here and always a wait but worth it. The omelets are really tastey especially with their homemade sausage. I also like the mixed grill.  My parents love their burgers. Took off a star for lumpy booths and really tight tables (your arm gets hit when someone walks past) oh and waitresses aren't very attentive.
Classic breakfast joint.  Grimy looking hole in the wall located on one end of a seedy looking strip mall.  Window is opaque due to the grease so you can't hardly see inside. On the outside, there are about a dozen people waiting to get in.  When you finally do get inside, you see that there are 15 tables and a counter, all occupied by people from all walks of life.\n\nWhat's the attraction behind this flea hole?  The FOOD!  Lots of it and dirt cheap.  I sat at a vacant stool behind the formica counter and ordered the mixed grill.  Potatoes, eggs, sausage, bacon and Italian toast.  A giant mound of food guaranteed to sooth any hangover.  I swear the full mixed grill had two pounds of food.  Neat thing is that the grill is right in front of you so you can see your potatoes and eggs frying in a pool of fresh grease.  All that food, plus coffee and tip for around ten bucks.  Cash only, so put that plastic away.\n\nOnly bad thing that could happen is some douche bag from the Food Network or Travel Channel will make this place famous, and then I'll never be able to get in.
Best breakfast spot in the area, If you like diner food it is the place to go. Small, so you will want to avoid the church crowd on Sundays, but the wait is never too long.  Everyone is friendly and has obviously been working there for a while.  If you are feeling like lunch food go a little later, their burgers are made on the breakfast griddle and are delicious.
I always love a good diner.  Gab and Eat was just what we were looking for on a Saturday morning.  Good food.  Great people. Pittsburgh ambiance. \n\nThis place is obviously a beloved neighborhood gem.  I had french toast and bacon.  The french toast was made with the best Italian bread.  My fiance had what they called a 'mixed grill.\""  It consisted of eggs, peppers, onions and home made sausage.  Not something you would eat everyday, but he loved it!   They also had great coffee.  They actually ground up the beans in front of us.  Now that's fresh.\n\nWe want to return sometime for \""turkey day.\""  Apparently they made fresh turkey every Tuesday.  Now that sounds good!\n\nCan't wait to return.
Barb's Country Junction gets a 5 star rating for me because it is truly everything that a Pittsburgh restaurant should be.  In addition to being the apple of my nostalgia's eye, it is also the constant thought of my tummy when I'm hungry on the weekends.  \n\nBarb's breakfasts cannot be beat, but truly any meal you get there you won't regret.  Everything is made to order, with fair portions, and great prices. My recommendation is a breakfast sandwich on a bagel and a coffee.  There's nothing better than drinking from a cup that could have come from your grandma's kitchen.\n\nI know that Gab N Eat is nearby, and Barb's can be a little weird get to with the strange traffic pattern but this really is a gem of Carnegie that you've gotta try!
Great little place. Treats you like a local.Eaten here 3 times a week for a month.  Same overtime. Barb is always here.
My first time going to Barb's Country Junction and I really wanted to like this place, I really did...however, I didn't.\n\nThe food was decent, some was above average and some below but it was overall decent. I got pancakes, bacon and eggs. The pancakes were really good and fluffy, the home fries were simply okay and the eggs were not cooked well. My son had a burger and it was good. The coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate. I would give the food 3/5.\n\nThe service was subpar for sure. While our waitress was a really nice girl, she wasn't on top of anything at all. Had to ask for coffee refills, had to ask for silverware, for napkins...etc. She got the order messed up and so on. I give the service 2/5.\n\nThe inside of the place had some country charm as you'd expect but want particularly cleanly. It also had a leaky roof in several places which had buckets collecting the water. A customer even tripped over the buckets and fell. I give the interior 2/5.\n\nThe prices were decent. I fed my whole family breakfast (3 of us) for $23. I give the prices 3/5.\n\nSo in summary, you can get okay food here for a rather cheap price but it is not a great place to dine in by any means. There are better diners in the area that I will patronize in the future rather than Barb's.
I've stayed at a couple of Extended Stay sites that I found quite satisfactory and this location proved to be just as good. Excellent place to stay while visiting Pittsburgh. It is just a five minute drive to downtown. Location is in a business park area so it is quiet. \n\nThe rooms contain a nice kitchenette area with a full sized refrigerator, sink, cabinets and two burners. There is no oven which I expected as the descriptions all state \""full kitchen\"" so be aware of that. Also they do not keep the dishes, pots and pans, coffee makers, toasters or utensils in the rooms. If you want them you have to request them at the desk during check in. \n\nThe room was clean and well maintained. Cable tv quality is spotty sometimes but not intolerable. The free wifi is usually fast. \n\nThe best part about this location was the staff. The people at the desk were all very pleasant and welcoming and quite willing to assist with any questions or issues with a smile.  I would definitely stay at this location again and highly recommend it.
If I could give this place less than one star, I would. I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy, the place reeked of smoke, and the bartender/server was surly, to put it mildly. We went there on a Saturday night with a mind to try the Irish food. Apparently, we were out of luck. I've always thought that the secrets of restaurant success is to actually stock food for people to eat. He told us before we ordered that they had no \""pies\"". No chicken pot pie, no shepherds pie, etc. So, we gamely tried to order other things. We placed our order. My wife, for example, ordered the Irish stew and he came back 5 min later telling us they were out of that and even more things for several people in our party. At that point my wife picked out a third option, ham and cabbage, only to be told again that \""they were out\"". At that point, realizing that the only food to be had in the place was what was crusted on the menus, we asked to pay for our drinks and left. They actually then gave us flack for not having enough to put it on a debit card. In short, unless you like your dinner with a side of disappointment and depression, I'd probably avoid this place like the plague. Speaking of the plague, I suppose we should thank Mr. Surly for inspiring us to walk out. I only have two bathrooms at my house and would've been hard pressed to accommodate several violently ill people at once.
Okay, so hopefully you haven't been enjoying happy hour @ Riley's Pour House before you read this or you might not be able to follow the lilting Irish owners. \n\nTo recap: Murphy's Pour House from 1979-1985. Sullivan's Pour House from 1995-2002. Paddy's Pour House from 2002-2012. And, bagpipe please, Riley's Pour House opens March 1 of 2012. Still with me?\n\nIt's a tiny long bar just like the old Irish pubs. No more smoking allowed. Hurrah!!!  Same lousy service. \n\nMy guess is that the entire place needs (no, strike that .... demands) an automated food/beverage ticketing system. None of the cooks, bartenders, or waitresses know who ordered what nor what ticket belongs to which table. It's actually pretty funny if you're not a) hungry or b) thirsty. \n\nI really really want this place to do better. We need more Irish pubs and local old time watering holes. \n\nGet it together, Murphy's ... er, I mean Sullivan's....er, I mean Paddy's or is it Riley's? ;  ).  Whatever the case, they have cold Guinness. And Irish music.  And fun patrons.
The delivery driver mistakenly rang my doorbell, having confused 133 and 113.\n\nRather than taking a step back and analyzing the situation, he begins to accuse my wife and I of ordering and refusing to pay for this pizza.\n\nThe driver then gets on his cell phone and rather than calling the number than was given when the order was placed, begins to call his bosses and starts threatening me with felony charges. \n\nSo I take the initiative and ask the fine upstanding gentleman what the phone number of the order-er was, phone my neighbor and discover the mistake. Rather than a thank you or a sorry, he just speeds off (breaking the speed limit on our block) to reach his destination 50 feet away.\n\nI would call to complain, but based on the other reviews, its clear the owners do not care about Carnegie or it's residents, and its pretty well known around town just how awful their food is, so it would be pointless to boycott a place I'd never order from again anyway.\n\nDo yourself a favor and order from ANY other establishment in town.
Some of the worst pizza I've ever had.  We used a coupon from the paper for a 2 topping 8 cut Sicilian. First of all the pizza wasn't even cut through, and the sad attempt at cutting was so uneven that 4 of the slices were about an inch wide, while the others were about 4\"" each. The toppings were scarce, they used mini pepperoni and put maybe 8 on the whole pizza. The onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can. The worst part though was the thick doughy crust that tasted more like a fishy sourdough roll. I'm serious... It was so noticeable that it made me wonder if the dough was bad or if they for some weird reason put fish sauce in it. It was gross. \n\nWe also ordered steak and Italian hoagies. The veggies were old and wilted, and there was no dressing on either. The Italian had deli meat that was clearly bottom of the line and not very generous. The \""steak\"" (if you an call it that) was greyish instead of brown and looked like it was a processed meat chopped into pieces. No flavor or seasoning and the texture was reminiscent of spam. It was so bad that I only ate 1/4 of it and tossed the rest. \n\nI have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed. I thought I would give them another try since I'd never ordered a Sicilian pizza from there. What a mistake. I will never order from them again!
Having certain businesses with skill sets in your local neighborhood is important.  I try to keep it as local as possible, so when I heard about a tailor in Carnegie I was intrigued.  The building is in a strip mall across from Carnegie Coffee Company.  Unassuming, looks like it is closed all the time, until you do a drive by and see the hours posted.  There is a Latino man in his 20's working when you arrive.  In my mind, I imagine a tailor to be older, kind of like my grandfather maybe with measuring tape around his neck (Textbook movie tailor), so I was a bit trepidatious about dropping off my clothing.  He asks you to go change into a closet (Yes, a closet to change in with one lightbulb) BUT all my worries aside, the moment he started working on my items I knew he was the real deal. He learned from his father at the age of 14 how to sew. and he does things the correct way.  Meaning, for example-  I took in a pair of khakis all the way down to the cuff, but he seamed them up to look EXACTLY the way they were when I first bought them.  Most placed will have bulges and puckers.  The rest of my items were just as perfect.  Very inexpensive at $10 for a pair of pants to adjust the hem.  The items were done in a timely manner.  He takes his business very seriously.  While I was there, I watched a lady rush in and demand 6 shirts to be altered in an hour, and he did it and charged the same price.  Really nice guy, please go and support this business to keep him around town!
By far the worst most unprofessional dentist I have ever experienced her staff is too busy watching soap operas on all the TVs in each room instead of cleaning and she gave me a filling which was too deep which could have been understandable as her son had his pictures delivered from Hawaii and she had to stop 3 times to pay for them and show her whole staff all of them must be nice to have a 14 year old go to Hawaii on her moms dime and have her patience wait to see all of this happen I had to have oral surgery and have the tooth removed because she put the filling in too deep an abscessed tooth was the result I wouldn't recommend her to an ex girlfriend or someone I hate because of the three months of extreme tooth pain I had to deal with because of her lack of care and follow through even after I called and asked them for advice and follow up they simply could care less and did not even offer to reschedule an appointment other than prescribing me vicodin and antibiotics do not recommend and do not go to her license should be pulled!!
In all fairness - I did not see this dentist but did schedule an appointment and waited 15 minutes for them to open.\n\nWhen I look at Yelp reviews, I usually weed out the outliers (the best and the worst).   Unfortunately, there are only two reviews.\n\nIt was my first time at the office.   The office admin (very nice) asked for me to come early (before 9am) to complete paperwork.   I arrived at 8:50.    I waited.   I watched 2 employees walk by me (unlocked the door and re-locked it).    They did not acknowledge me.\n\nThe door I was at had signage (open hours).    I decided to leave because of a review where the staff seemed distracted or disinterested in my presence.\n\nThe office admin (very nice) called me to inform I am missing my appointment.   I explained to her that there were too many indications where this was not going to be a good fit and wished her the best of luck.\n\nI recommend if you see this dentist you go to the front door (furthest away from the parking lot) for the entrance.\n\nPoor recommendation because the staff who walked by me seemed to be distracted which was pointed out in a previous review.
This is by far the best dentist I have ever been to.  She is honest and never trys to sell you a bunch a stuff that you dont need. We are very great full that we discovered her. We adjust our vacations to make sure that we stop in to her office in Pennsylvania at least once a year for cleaning and check ups, worth the drive from Florida.
I've been to this office a good amount of times.  Each time the receptionists give of a vibe of entitlement and it is very uncomfortable.  Dr. Weinberg herself is very nice, but I doubt her ability. Every procedure she has done to my teeth has backfired. The third and last issue I have is that i always paid cash at the end of my visits and somehow I have received an invoice for $55. I called and of course the receptionist was sassy and rude so I gave up. Will never go back or refer anyone else
Far away from real Chinese food. Doesn't even taste good as American style Chinese food.
I used to order takeout here once every month or so. The food tastes average and the price is good. It's your typical low-end Chinese place. \n\nThe last (and final) time I ordered here I just so happened to be picking up my order while a health inspector from allegheny county health department was making his rounds. While I was waiting on my food (which took much longer than usual) the inspector was pointing out violations. He also requested a copy of a certificate that the man behind the register was unable to produce. The inspector looked at me like I was crazy for waiting on my food despite the obvious poor conditions.  \n\nAs for the rest of the place - it's always been kind of dirty inside. The carpets are just FILTHY and the walls match. There are always children's toys scattered about the floor because the owners children are always there, so be careful not to trip. \n\nThe workers do seem like nice people just trying to make a living but when it comes to cleanliness Don Don is lacking.
All I can say is the worst! We were the only 2 people in the place for lunch, the place was freezing and loaded with kids toys! 2 bicycles, a scooter, and an electronic keyboard graced the dining room. A fish tank with filthy, slimy fingerprints smeared all over it is there for your enjoyment.\n\nOur food came... no water to drink, no tea, medium temperature food. Of course its cold, just like the room, I never took my jacket off! The plates are too small, you food spills over onto some semi-clean tables as you sit in your completely worn out booth seat. The fried noodles were out of a box and nasty, the shrimp was mushy, the fried rice was bright yellow.\n\nWe asked for water, they brought us 1 in a SOLO cup for 2 people. I asked for hot tea, they said 10 minutes. What Chinese restaurant does not have hot tea available upon request?\n\nOver all.... my first and last visit to this place. The only good point was that it was cheap, and deservingly so.
We went on a weeknight.  Place was not busy waited over 20 minutes for drinks and to have our order taken.  We ordered an app and it came out with the meals and that was another 20 minutes or so.  Food was luke warm at best.  I would not go back.
Went for breakfast on 6/16/14. We received very good service and meal came within a few minutes.Waitress could have smiled more but was friendly. \nI had a Grand Slam... it was more than enough food. \nMeal was very tasty... We will definitely go back. \nIt is a popular Denny's.
Perfect time with hubby, after work which is 4 am and you can still have a hot nice meal, waitress was such an adorable girl. Her arm was broken or smth but she still dis a great job!\nStrawberry lemonade was just smth i have been craving for for so long but did not know what it was :) \nStrawberry milkshake, nachos and t bone steak is smth we never stop ordering!\nIts always nice when u go late at night like us, it is not crowded, not noisy, nice music playing and always nice people around. \nIf you want smth quick and it is late at night then i would say Denny's!
I belong to this gym...  I live in the South section of Pittsburgh, and I find that this gym is not too far from me.  The staff is friendly, the equipment is quite good.  You get two free personal training sessions when you join.  They have lots of weights (which my boyfriend uses) and a decent cardio room.  The only thing I would say is to increase some of the cardio equipment.  Water is only $1 a bottle!
I bought a three month membership last year, mainly to attend the Silver Sneakers classes. I was in my early sixties and hadn't exercised in a while. I tried the evening classes but they were very crowded and difficult, so I tried a morning class for seniors. I like to stretch out before my class actually starts, so I went to the tail end of a yoga class. The women in this class were very nasty to me and told me that I wasn't welcome to stretch out in their class. I never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members. I didn't feel welcome here. I complained to the manager, who said that I was welcome to stretch out in whatever class I wanted to, but the hostility of these yoga students was very evident. Do they think that this is their private gym?
If you like being greeted in the morning by a gym worker slopping down eggs from a frying pany instead of working....this is your gym....complain to the manager and she gets nasty....try getting in touch with the owner....impossible!  Most unprofessional gym ever!!!!
Papa J's is by far my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, my hometown.  I eat there almost every time I visit, and everything I've ever ordered has been fantastic.  Fresh ingredients, simple preparation, reasonable prices.  Also, they make the best pizza in town HANDS DOWN.
Yay, I'm a fan but sometimes service is a little slow, it was very good for us this visit.  Go to Papa j's every once in a while but mostly for the White Pizza.  It is the best white pizza I have ever had.  Order the white pizza on our visit this  weekend... it has garlic, spinach, feta cheese and we usually add some veggie on top.  It was delicious!  Order fried calamari and it was OK...note to self next time try the calamari roman style.\n\nLike the dinning room with the hardwood floors and bright lighting.  \n\nThe bar was jumping thou never go to the bar.
Terrible service.  Food unremarkable.  Waiter disappeared for 45 minutes to serve larger group due to staffing mismanagement.  Saved his tip by discounting meal after I complained.  All and all, a very crude and unpleasant dining experience for me and my guests.  Not to be repeated, never again!
Yay, I'm a fan of the white pizza.  Had take out.  \n\nThe bar was jumping when I picked up our order.\n\nThe white pizza is so delicious...with garlic, spinach, feta, and added some veggies.  Tried the Roman Style calamari, very good better than the fried calamari we had last time.
OK, its Friday night and have about 70 minutes to eat. Driving by Papa J's and W says, lets stop in and get a quick dinner. \n\nAdvice host that we are in a hurry.  The host advised us it is a 90 minute service. The place was crowded, we were seated at the last open table. However our waiter, Jason, said he will do his best to get as out on time. We ordered our dinner immediately, with a salad and a glass of wine. In a few minutes we had our wine, then in a few more seconds we had our salads and some great homemade Italian bread with some olive oil and balsamic ving. for dipping.  Yum!\n\nJust as we were finishing our salads our dinners were delivered. Great job Jason! The Fettuccine Carbanara was very good; a thick cream sauce with bacon and ricotta.  In and out in 60 minutes.  Now that is some good service.
Great little gem! The food was fantastic was very food and just the right price. The Italian food was amazing, but you can not leave without a dessert and be prepared for giant serving. I had the carrot cake yummy!! Def a place everyone should try.
I have to say that I write this review with much regret, because I have always loved PaPa J's. But my recent experience there has changed my mind a bit. \n\nFrom the minute we were seated, we were greeted by a server that was clearly inexperienced and didn't know the menu. As I said before, I've been to PaPa J's a good handful of times so I know the menu decently well, but the server couldn't explain any of the questions I had about a couple new dishes I was thinking about trying. I swear this guy must have just looked at the menu for the first time a few minutes ago.\n\nBut it wasn't just the knowledge of the menu. It was one thing after another with our server. My wife asked for a glass of water 4 times until she finally got it (at which point the meal was over, so we didn't care at that point).  I mean come on, for a restaurant of this calibre and price is it too much to ask for a glass of water? There was no one filling up water.\n\nMy biggest complaint, however, is what happened with our meals. My dad and I both ordered the trout special (trout with roasted red peppers and lump crabmeat). Instead, the meal that was delivered to both of us was trout with a heaping pile of spinach and mushrooms. Not what the special was at all.  And by the way, that item is on the menu as a regular item so whether or not the mistake was made by the server (which, we are sure it was) or the chef, who knows for certain. Not to mention, though, that a good server wouldn't have served us that regardless. \n\nBut before you think we had an unusal experience that was all due to a poor server, let me continue. When we informed our server of the mistake, he didn't really believe us until he checked his order sheet, and then he blamed the error on the chef. At this point, the meal had been sitting (because it took us forever to flag this guy down again) so the trout was basically cold. The server then said he would have the meals re-made. So, he took the meals back to the kitchen. Meanwhile, of course, my wife and mom are eating their meals and my dad and I are sitting there with no meals. Also keep in mind that my wife still had not gotten the water she had been asking for, and my iced tea had been refilled with a soda (yes, believe that or not). All the kitchen did was scrape their \""mistake\"" off of our fish! They didn't remake anything. Our fish was served to us again with little pieces of spinach and mushrooms sticking all over it. Quite frankly, the fish wasn't good at all. I honestly would have rather had a fish sandwich from McDonald's that night. The server never did anything to try to make our experience better - he knew we weren't happy, but never offered anything such as dessert on the house. I'm not looking for a handout, but our experience was just plain awful that night. The guy never really even apologized for the mistake. Normally, I may have asked for a manager, but at this point I was ready to just get out of there (plus, we had to be somewhere else that night).\n\nMy opinion... for the money, there are many other restaurants I would rather eat at.
This is a regular go-to for me. I love the food and the service. They always have the wine that I like and the food is always delicious. I suggest trying the flourless chocolate cake in the front of the store (in the section where you can buy stuff to take home). It is sublime and makes you want to go to a special cozy corner just to eat it and revel in its velvety loveliness.
Coming here you get the feeling they haven't changed much.  The tables, the decorations, the menu.  All the same.  Does that make you a little worried?  Yes.\n\nI ordered the mushroom ravioli and it was... oily.  Very very oily.  The actual ravioli was okay, enough mushrooms.  but it was oily.  Did I mention that?  \n\nAmbiance, like I said, left much to be desired.  I don't think I'd have this place on my list of \""musts\"" for downtown.  Much better restaurants to visit!
Service in this place is poor because of lack of acknowledgment since people working there are \""just\"" working . They have nice decor,nice bar and good bread. Consider where this place is ,the prices are really really high . Nothing is served on the side with main dishes ....
Terrible service...terrible food...this place smells like rotten wet wood
Although the first impression through the door is charming and the aroma enticing  as you enter this restaurant- much can be improved upon for the prices asked for the dining experience. Our group of 7 had called a week ahead and were seated in the back of the far dining room, right by a door where clinking pots /pans and  dishes were heard throughout our meal, as well as a Darth Vader type noise coming from the ceiling vent. Our waitress was not knowledgable of all menu items, and three of our  very simple requests did not come out as ordered. ( dressing on the side of a salad,  less feta on an entree and no oil on another entree) The waitress blamed it on the cook, but did offer to get one entree changed. Also we were asked if we wanted pine nuts, feta or Gorgonzola on our salad and then were charged 2.00 extra per item in addition to the salad price (6.99) which brought the salad up to 10.99 ! Outrageous !\nThere is so much possibility for ambiance in this restaurant , but they miss the mark on service and atmosphere. I will most likely not return. Very overpriced for the quality and service.
Papa J's is expensive and inconsistent.  The ambiance is nice but it doesn't justify the prices.  There are better restaurants in Carnegie.
I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.  Came here with no expectations.  \n\nI was greeted by a large open (garage style) window, that opened the whole lounge bar area to the street.  It had modern furnishings and the staff were quite friendly.\n\nOrdered the quattro formaggi pizza.  Quite good!!!  Great balance of cheeses.  Not too rich at all.  Crust was excellent too.  Can't wait to come back.
Just to start off, we were a party of 12, which is always a little difficult.  We were celebrating 2 birthdays.\n\nWe LOVED the food, it was delicious. My husband got a chicken parm sandwich, which is served on a yummy flat bread, and I got the chicken basil pizza ( i got an 8 cut and several ppl tried it) we all LOVED it! It was stunning.  It was made with a very delicious crust, nice and crisp, not soggy (like pesto pizza can get)\n\nThe one waitress we had JASMINE, was fantastic!  She was bright, friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  She took extra time with the older ladies in our group to help them with their selections... \n\nNow... the other waitress.. Mary something was so incompetent...  She was awful and rude.  She missed 2 people on that side of the table failed to take their order and when we said something she said 'well they didn't speak up!' Ugh.  Then when it was time to sing and cut the cake, my sister in law said 'oh hey can you get the cake so we can sing?'  She came back, cut the cake (all crazy with some huge pieces and some super small pieces like she never in her life cut a sheet cake) and we didn't even sing!  We were mad!!\n\nThe place is so pretty, they have a new addition that was just built within the last 2 years (according to my father in law) and its really nice.  They look to have a cool bar area with some modern couches and a really sweet look.   \n\nSo good food, great looking place.. one bad waitress. Prices are about middle of the road for an authentic Italian place, nothing crazy.  All in all, we'd like to go back again, but we want Jasmine!
Absolutely Awful Service.  Went to Papa J's awhile ago and the service was bad - the waiter was surly, rude and unhelpful..  Decided to try it again since it is close to Stage 62.  Big mistake.  Greeted by a dour manager that seemed mad that we had a reservation. 30 minutes to get a glass of wine.  At one hour and 45 minutes complained to the manager that we still had not received out entrees.  He said 'What do you want me to do about it?\"" and said they had a busy night.  This is when tables around us sat empty. I then had to go back to the manager to give us our bill so we could get away from this ruined evening.  The bill was prepared incorrectly. If you want average food and terrible service, this is your place.  We will never go back.
I have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times. I won't go back. The first time we were there almost 3 hours. It took forever to order and then forever for our food to come and the place was empty. When I complained the manager was very rude and tried to blame us for taking to long to order. It made no sense, how could we order when the waitress wasn't coming to the table? After arguing with me he ended up taking $6 off of our $200+ bill. Ridiculous. If it were up to me I would have never returned. Unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight. Again it took a long time to get our food. My food was cold and bland, my kids food was cold. My husbands salmon was burnt to a crisp and my sister in law took one bite of her trout and refused to eat any more because she claims it was so disgusting. The wedding soup and bread were good, but that's it! My drink sat empty throughout my meal and never got refilled even when I asked. Bad food, slow service and rude managers. I'll pass on this place if my family decides to go again. Not worth it at all with all the other good Italian options around.
We stopped at Papa J's last Friday night (8/1) for a round of drinks. There were 7 of us altogether and we had eaten at another restaurant earlier in the evening.  One member of our party walked up to the bar to let them know we were sitting on the couches along the wall, as it was fairly busy that night. In the short time that he was there, a man who was behind the bar looked at him and then turn away without saying a word or notifying anyone else. He then turned to a waitress who had approached the service area of the bar and asked her if  we could have a server take our drink order. She said \""yep\"" and then abruptly turned and walked away. At that point, he asked to see the manager  who came a few minutes later. When my friend told him of what had occurred, the manager said \""What do you want me to do\""?\n\nMy friend said \""An apology would be a good start\"" whereupon the manager looked back at him and said \""Get out and don't come back\"" ???????? Are you kidding????\n\nMy friend is well traveled and frequently stays at higher end hotels and dines at quality restaurants. He was not screaming or belligerent in any way, shape, or form; simply informing the manager of what had occurred. \n\nThat being said, we left and went back to 131 East, where we had previously eaten. The service there was fabulous, as was the meal and the drinks creative and exquisite.\n\nThere are new restaurants that have opened in Carnegie as of late. Papa J's is no longer the only game in town.  Obviously this is the way a simple complaint is handled by management. Appalling!!  Do yourself a favor and frequent any of the other restaurants that are within walking distance of Papa J's. They understand the concept of  customer service.
Man has this place gone down hill.  My husband and I went a couple of weeks ago.  We had salads and pasta.  Both were on the verge of inedible.  With a single glass of wine, I felt downright robbed at the $50 price tag.  Seriously, I could have easily made what we had with jarred sauce and boxed pasta at home. Classico is better.  And the service was pretty absent to make it even worse... seemed she knew it was terrible and didn't want to deal with it.  Seriously, I'd rather eat at the OG.
Food was NOT GOOD at all! My husband & I ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time. I ordered a salad & basil pesto cream pasta & my husband ordered the spinach & feta pasta. The salad was just a huge plate of spring mix (nothing else in it) with WAY to much vinegar dressing. My lettuce was drowning in the vinegar. My pesto pasta had no flavor (did not taste like a cream sauce to me) & the pesto was so runny/watery & way too much sauce not enough noodles. My husband's pasta had even less flavor than mine. We ate about a quarter of the food & couldn't even finish it. We took it home & it was so bad I didn't even eat my leftovers. And I hate wasting food!! Plus the prices are expensive for the amount of food you get & of course the poor quality. Don't waste your time eating here. There are much better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
I've decided where I stand with Emmert Dental. They are unprofessional, rude and have no clue what they're doing (behind the desk). I will not be going back nor will I have nice things to say about them.
THE WORST DENTAL EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.  THEY ARE BUTCHERS!  My husband and I went to Emmert Dental in Bethel Park for a routine cleaning and check up.  I had one tooth that I had a recent root canal on and a few small cavities that needed filled.  After the so called dentist - Dr Carnavali - did my exam, I needed 3 additional root canals and an extraction! An extraction on the tooth that just had a root canal. I was told that part of the tooth had broken off and that a crown was no longer possible.  I didn't know any better, so I agreed to schedule the extraction for a few weeks later. The \""dentist\"" wanted to extract it that day, but I had plans for the weekend and was not about to be in pain. So, 2 weeks later, I went in for the extraction.  After they gave me novocaine they get me with \""you need a bone graft also in that area since we are extracting that tooth\"". I have never had any issues with bone loss with previous extractions so I didn't feel it was necessary. I had 3 employees surrounding me, pressuring me for this bone graft. So, I reluctantly agreed. I had to pay $259.00 for this \""bone graft\"". So, I signed everything. I wasn't even given enough time to read the document, so I should have known and got up and left right then and there. The \""dentist\"" started the extraction. I have never been so uncomfortable in my life. He pulled on my tooth, used a metal instrument to pound on my tooth and was pulling so hard that my head was coming up and slamming back down against the head rest.  Finally, after a good 15 minutes of this torture, he ripped the tooth out of the side of my jaw. I was literally ganging from all the blood running down the back of my throat. He then stuck some pink powder up in the extraction area. I'm assuming this was the bone graft.  I ended up with many stitches. I was given an antibiotic and instructed to schedule an appointment for the following Saturday so they could start the bridge. Then I was hit with a bill of $569.00! My insurance covers 100% of extractions.  I was in so much pain for 2 weeks following the extraction. Pain severe enough that I had to call off work and I couldn't sleep at night.  I refused to go back to Emmert Dental.  And after a visit to a very reputable dentist, an endodontist and an oral surgeon, I have to have oral surgery to try and repair the damage Emmert Dental has done to my mouth.  They caused a very large deformity in my jaw and I am at risk to lose additional teeth.  Save yourself a lot of time, money and pain.  Emmert dental only cares about the money, will over charge you and leave you less than happy with the dental work.  They are butchers and should not even call themselves dentist. And if you have an issue with their billing practices, don't expect to that resolved easily.  I have called numerous times and I am always told that the manager and or billing department is not in.  I have contacted the BBB and a lawyer.  I expect and want a full refund.  No one should have to go thru what I am currently going thru.  They do unnecessary extractions so they can do a more expensive procedure such as a bridge or an implant.  Now I have to go thru oral surgery, more pain and suffering and more time missed from work because of Emmert Dental.  And the root canals they said I needed, my current dentist and my endodontist both agreed that I do not need tooth canals.  In fact, the teeth are perfectly healthy.  They are crooks and butchers.
The worst dental office I ever been. No one can beat it!!! You should avoid it at any time.
Eat at your own risk. The service is terrible, the staff seem to be generally clueless, the management is inclined to blame the staff for their own mistakes, and there's no sense of FAST in their fast food. When we came, half of the menu board was still on breakfast, and it was 4:30p. The only thing they have going for them is that the food is hot and tastes just like McDonald's should. \n\nThen again, the franchise is owned by Rice, and I've come to take terrible service is their MO.
My expectations for McDonalds are t rarely high. But for one to still fail so spectacularly...that takes something special!\nThe cashier took my friends's order, then promptly ignored me. I had to force myself in front of a cashier who opened his register to wait on the person BEHIND me. I waited over five minutes for a gigantic order that included precisely one kid's meal. After watching two people who ordered after me be handed their food, I asked where mine was. The manager started yelling at the cashiers for \""serving off their orders\"" when they didn't have their food. But neither cashier was anywhere near those controls, and the manager was the one serving food to customers and clearing the boards.\nThe manager was rude when giving me my order. She didn't make sure that I had everything ON MY RECEIPT, and never even had the decency to apologize that I felt I was getting poor service.\nI've eaten at various McDonalds restaurants for over 30 years. I've worked at more than one location. I expect bad days, bad moods, and the occasional mistake. But I have yet to have a decent experience at this store. It will remain a place I avoid unless someone in my party needs to avoid illness from low blood sugar. Perhaps I should go back to the racially biased service of Steak n Shake instead!
I've tried to give this McDonalds a chance but my patience has run out. The only reason why I came here as much as I did is because I like the $1 iced coffees. But it's not even worth it. This McDonalds is poo and so is most of the staff. \n\nWhenever I want to go through the drive-thru I can't because there is a line of cars wrapped half away around the building. And even when the line is shorter there's always a hold up of some sort. So most of the time I just park and go inside the restaurant. \n\nToday was a horrible day. I ordered an iced coffee (no cream or sugar) and a chocolate chip cookie. It only takes 30 seconds to fill a cup with coffee and 30 seconds to take a cookie out of the case. I waited 10 minutes!! Sorry but that's too long just to get a coffee and a cookie! It's not like I ordered a meal! During that time I saw people come in after me and get their milkshakes and iced coffees within two minutes! WTH?! I told the petite sleepy eyed cashier I wanted my money back! Her eyes opened wide in surprise, like I really woke her up or something. She said,\""Youre the one who ordered the iced coffee? I can get it for you!\"" For real? She was the one who took my order! I told her I waited too long and I just want my money back. The manager offered to make my iced coffee, but  I refused because I had just had enough.\n\nThere are *few* employees there who work hard but everyone else is dragging their feet. There is no organization or teamwork, everyone is scrabbling. It looks like none of them want to be there. I used to work in fast food and I know it sucks, but come on!\n\nI'm sorry but I can't recommend this Mcdonalds. It's poo. I'm not coming back here anymore. Guess I'll be going to Starbucks- and their iced coffees taste better anyway!
This McDonald's is so bad it's amazing.  \n\nOrder:  Big mac, large fries, diet coke.\n\nThe soda machine was broken.   No sodas.\n\nThen I got to the window.  \""We rang you up for medium fries.\""   (Not what I asked for)  \""Well, if you want a large, you're gonna have to wait 4 minutes.  We just started a new batch.\""\n\nLeft with:  Big mac, medium fries, no coke.\n\nActually, now that I think about it, this was one of my better experiences there...
We had the worst possible experience at the Eat N Park at Waterfront on 2/12/10 at around 10pm. Our waitress (Annemarie) was inattentive and got us the wrong order. We ended up with a dish we had not even ordered and still got charged for it on the check. \n\nOne of my friends ordered a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, which according to the menu description, should've had lettuce and tomato in it. But the sandwich that arrived on our table had none of those ingredients. When pointed out to the waitress, she just brought some lettuce and tomatoes in a plate! How crude! \n\nSpoke to the manager after paying the full check and first of all, she did not even offer to re-imburse for the item we did not even order, and that had been forcibly thrust upon us. \n\nWhen I asked the manager about the Buffalo Chicken sandwich not having any lettuce and tomato, she said they just got new menus and that description is not correct and that Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is supposed to be without lettuce and tomato! What a lame excuse! Even your online menu says under the description for a Buffalo Chicken sandwich that its supposed to have both those ingredients - \""Served with lettuce and tomato on a fresh-baked Kaiser roll.\"" - That's what the last line in the description of Buffalo Chicken Sandwich says. Shame on you Manager for lying! Instead of admitting her fault, she was blaming it to a new menu!\n\nNot only did we have to pay for something that we didn't order or eat, but we got sub-standard food that was different from what was described in the menu, and had to deal with a really bad waitress and insensitive and deceitful manager to top off the whole experience. \n\nI am never going to come back to any Eat N Park location ever again, and will never recommend one to any of my friends either. What a waste of time and money! Plus dealing with callous and lying people - my goodness, I surely had my patience tested this evening!
Some how even though the food at this Eat'n Park is down right abominable, the smiles and laughter is always there.  How can I stay mad when the prices or so cheep? Myself my boyfriend and his nephew had lunch with milkshakes and me having a coffee it was $31.00\n\nOn this particular occasion the fire alarm went off and rang and rang and rang loud and long for over 15 minutes before the fire department got there realized they didn't have key to turn it off and than another 10 minutes later finally shut it off...only at Eatn' Park.\n\nMy baked potato was hard as a rock, I had ordered two pieces of baked cod and only received one. \n\nThe waitress was very sweet and attentive and really attempted to build a rapport with our lil nephew which I thought was sweet.
Typical Starbucks coffee chain. 2 things I dont like about this Starbucks: \n\n1. Ive been there twice and both times the place has been dirty, compared to the other Starbucks I have been in.\n\n2. If you have to use the bathroom, they give you a key thats attached to this nasty bottle. Im pretty sure they dont clean that bottle after every use or even nightly.\n\nAside from that, good coffee and fast/friendly service.
If there was ever a \""get your coffee and go\"" Starbucks, this is it. Right in the center of the Waterfront, this Starbucks has no sofa, comfy chairs, only table seating. I love the baristas here, But I don't like the location of the building.
Great location!  Close to shops and theatre.  Nice staff.
Regarding quality of beverage, this is just your average Starbucks. I can't complain but am not blown away either. However, I really like the location of this shop, which is located in the center of The Waterfront's specialty retail shops. Though in the midst of a lot of retail, the surrounding area is very picturesque with pretty green grass, flowers, and a fountain. Hanging out here is very relaxing.
This Starbucks is teeny-tiny!\n\nSeating inside is VERY limited.  This is a Starbucks to grab and go and continue your shopping at the Waterfront.\n\nBaristas are friendly and fast.
I'm not a huge fan of this location. I think that it was oddly built- the small, alley-like front makes it difficult to get past people on your way to/from the bathroom or tables when it's busy. And there's hardly any tables to sit at. Furthermore, people tend to clog the front on their way in, which makes things particularly difficult (especially in the winter weather). The staff were pretty impersonal to be, but maybe that was due to the high traffic of the place and the time I was there. And the coffee that I had was cold- I'm sure it was probably the bottom of the batch. I'd probably only walk in here again if someone else suggested it before or after a movie or while we were shopping in the area.
For someone who straddles the line between sometimes craft-er, this store can seem vast and confusing.  There's rows and rows of baskets and bedazzling jewels and paper and...oh my...scrap booking!  When I want to find boring old felt....it's like...where do I start?  \n\nI'm in a hurry, as always, and I rush in and the first thing I look for is an employee.  No one to be found.  I could call out and my voice would come echoing back.  I run between rows of paper, wood and gosh darn scrap booking....no felt!  Where do I find felt!  Where do I find an employee!?\n\nFINALLY, I find one after 15 minutes of wondering around.  She's incredibly nice and leads me to the felt.  This is not the first time I've been hard up to find help.  I tell her she was hard to find, and she tells me that they're \""low on payroll\"" and can't have any one the floor BUT HER!  In that WHOLE store, JUST HER!  That's ridic!\n\nNot a month ago I was, again, in a slight hurry and stood in line for about 15 minutes to check out, with 2 employees at the register and 6 people per line, I gave up and walked out.  \n\nHey Michael, do you pick up what I'm putting down?  You're not making any money because your costumer service SUCKS....in fact, there's no service to be found!
It's yet another Michael's, and it's a very good one. Recommended always. For those who love crafting, Michael's is a godsend.
The one good thing I can say about Michael's is that they have a wide variety of hobbies and crafts included in their selection. They've got items for woodwork, painting, knitting, kids crafts, scrapbooks, you name it. The problem is, the variety of products for your particular craft is probably dismal. They've got lots of cool items all over the store that you're convinced that somehow you need. (Because it is soooo cute, and you could TOTALLY do something with it. Right..?) The store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere. However, if you're looking for something specific, good luck. It's not even a matter of the product being difficult to find in the store. It's that when you find the right section, there's either nothing in stock, or they simply don't even carry what you need. \n\nI stopped in for crochet supplies, and the yarn selection was laughable compared to many other craft stores. I ended up going elsewhere for my stuff anyway. \n\nPlus the prices at Michael's are significantly more than other area craft stores. I usually only stop there if I'm already at tend Waterfront. I'd recommend checking other craft stores first. Unless you need glitter. Especially fine glitter. Michael's has the best glitter selection/quality of any store I've ever been to.
You would think their exorbitant prices would at least buy some decent customer service. Not at this location. \n\nThey are totally understaffed and have almost nobody able or willing to help you find anything. This is a problem because they carry so many completely different products that it's hard to find what you need. Expect to wait at least a half hour before getting assistance.\n\nThe organization is disjointed, especially depending on your project. There's even a section called \""art supplies\"". I thought that was kind of the point of the whole store. \n\nWhat did it in however was how miserably they packed my picture frames. The place next door wrapped two dollar drinking glasses in paper to protect them, but apparently Michael's thinks a grocery bag is sufficient to protect a nice picture frame in bad weather. \n\nSo, the inevitable happened and I dropped the bag. Now I don't expect every place to be sympathetic, even though it could have been packed better, but when I asked for a refund they were down right RUDE. Hey I did drop the thing, but some empathy would have been nice. I wasn't completely out of line asking because a little bubble wrap and it would have been fine in the first place. I will never be back to this or any other Michael's.
The food is good and its CHEAP.\n\nI mean REALLY INEXPENSIVE.\n\n$4.00 for a burger and fries. Add a coke and its like $10.00-$13.00 for two people.  Seldom if ever crowded. \n\nService can be a tad slow but hit or miss.\n\nThey also do breakfast and its a great alternative to waiting at eat and park.\n\nTry the shakes, they're great.
This is the absolute WORST Steak N Shake I've ever been to. \n\nThe bf and I got lost around Pittsburgh for 40 min. trying to find this location and on top of the unnecessary 1 hour wait for our food, the food itself was just so crappily made. It was so bad and we had waited a ridiculous amount of time (c'mon, Steak N Shake is basically a glorified McD's), our waiter comped our WHOLE MEAL.\n\nIf not for the compensation, I would have been pissed that we had to pay for such a crappy meal. The bf, on the other hand, was more upset about the principle of the matter... we had trekked all that way just to get our Steak N Shake fix (since both of us haven't had it since our undergraduate days) and it was a major fail.\n\nI think I'm good with my Steak N Shake craving for a long time now...\n\n\n\nPS. The whole joint smells like major B.O.
I went here at 3 PM between the lunch rush and the dinner rush, and the restaurant was maybe 20% full. I ordered the Chili Mac Supreme to go. I thought I would be in and out within 5-10 minutes. Keep in mind that this restaurant even has a drive-thru; the expectation is quick service.\n\nLong story short, my food never came... the waitress told me (after I had been sitting there waiting for thirty minutes) that the kitchen hadn't even started on my order yet, so I told her to cancel it and walked out. Now I see that others on Yelp have warned about the slow service at this location. Wish I had looked it up earlier.
Well... as Steak 'n Shake locations go, this isn't the best one around--but it is burgers and fries that are open 24-7.\n\nThe milkshakes are good!\n\nPROS: \nAlways made fresh, when you order;\n\nCONS:\nGreasy (but its burgers);\nTakes longer than typical in drive thru (but that's bc they're made fresh!);\nService (on a scale of 1-10, 10 being awesome) is a 4.
In general I do like Shake N' Steak, but this location is a hit or miss location!  You never know what kind of quality or service you're going to find here.  A friend and myself went a few weeks back after a movie and it had to be one of the worst trips there EVER!  You can't entirely blame the waitress since she was the only one there for the entire place...poor scheduling on the manager's part. However, while she can't be accountable for the slooooow service, she was accountable for both orders being incorrect.  The burgers were over cooked and the fries were soggie and the milkshake was runny at best...\n\nBy far my worst visit to Steak n' Shake!
Rather typical SnS.  Had a good lunch crowd.  Milkshake was good but not as good as EnP down the street.  It took to long to get the burger for some reason, 25 minutes, I realized cooked to order but this is a little long for SnS.  Ordered the Guacamole Steakburger and it only had a small portion of Gauc...not your usual amount..kitchen was not up to speed on portion sizing for some reason.  Definitely did not look like the picture on the website.  Oh well!
The only thing worse than the food is the service.
Terrible wait staff  couldn't even seat us. Before we, and another party walked out without even being greeted properly, I observed several employees traipse out the front door, several tables who were waiting for their food for a long time,  several employees just standing around out of direct view of the tables, a morbidly obese hostess that could barely physically walk from one end of the store to the other. I think one server was high. \n  \n  Going there was a  special request by a 7 year old getting over a long-ish illness, so that makes the shabby treatment more enraging.
This place is s l o w....like so slow I have got up and left after waiting 30 minutes and not even being acknowledged by a server. The food is okay. Def not worth the wait. Milkshakes are just okay as well. Booooooo.
I really like the chili. Burgers are fair and salads are pretty bad. Pretty hard to mess up a side salad. As others have said you never know what kind of service you will get. Store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair. The staff is usually disinterested with customers and sometimes outright rude. All in all what you pay is what you get. Cheap and crap service.
Food is good, what you'd expect from Steak n Shake. THE SERVICE IS AWFUL. so incredibly awful. expect to take at least an hour for your meal, even when it's slow. I've been going here for years when I want a cheap meal, but the service is so so so awful. Go to McDonalds.
The service was fast but the food was terrible and so was the service. I had a bus to catch so I couldn't wait around waiting for the check so I went to the counter to pay. She never brought my check, never checked to see if my drink needed refilled, she just mopped the floors. \n\nThe burger was really greasy, the fries were Luke warm and the cheese on them wasn't as flavorful as it should be. As a new Pittsburgher I'm not impressed.
I should have known better than to stop here, but I was nursing a hangover and just wanted something quick and simple.  I should kick myself for thinking of this place.\n\nGranted I decided to go to the drive thru and knew there would be a wait.  The sign actually says that the food is prepared when you order it.  I sat for almost ten minutes at the window while my food was prepared.  During that time I wished I could have taken back my order and also wished that I hadn't paid already.  \n\nWhile sitting at the window I decided to just stare inside and watch some of the employees doing their job.  What disturbed me the most was watching the employee making the milkshakes.  Making a milkshake isn't that hard or glamorous of a thing to watch.  What disgusted me was that the guy actually lifted several of the containers for the milkshakes and smelt them.  I mean smelt them to see if they were clean, instead of actually taking the extra minute or two to clean the container.  After witnessing this my food was finally ready and I drove away.\n\nWhen I finally got to eating my food I was underwhelmed.  The fries had no flavor and with the size of the cut it appears you get more than what you ordered.  The \""steakburger\"" really, they should just call it a burger, was overpowered by the BBQ sauce on it.  It was all I could taste.\n\nAll this has cemented me in not wanting to ever step foot in one of these establishments ever again.
You know what you're getting with a Steak N Shake: it's about one rung up from a McD's in quality, and about two rungs down in quickness. At least, you think you know. \n\nI used to have a small place in my heart (though the salt and fat weren't very kind to said organ) for Steak N Shake, because hey, who can argue with beef and drinkable ice cream? But after my last trip, I can think of nothing more disgusting than having to eat here, this location in particular. I haven't been back in over year, and I will never step foot into a Steak N Shake as long as I have an immune system that I care about. \n\nAfter having eaten here, I hit the restroom on my way out (along with my two friends....hey, we're girls, it's acceptable!). One stall was already taken, so two of us are stuck waiting while this occupant does her....shall we say, business? After a few seconds, we realize that she's not only there to relieve herself, but to also take drive-through orders. Yes, that's right....\""You want fries with that? *flush* Okay, that will be $5.50\"". I have never, ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom. To top it off, after finishing her \""bathroom break\"", she walks straight out of the stall and into the restaurant. I guess she was in too much of a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she didn't have time to wash her hands. And I was in too much of a rush to choke back up what I had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach.
I love Steak N Shake. This one, however, leaves a lot to be desired. The food often comes out cold and the servers are apathetic at best. Most of the time, they're downright rude. I highly recommend avoiding this location if possible. There's one on Route 51 that's worth the 15 minutes it'll take you to get there.
I like the occasional steak and shake stop.....    but this one has to be the slowest one ever.    The cashier was rude and I could hear her yelling are you fucking kidding me because the register was not working the way she wanted....     wow.... just wow...
Every time we come here the service is laughably bad. On this visit a tabe which was sat after us had their food before our server graced us with her surly presence. Good restaurant elsewhere, just avoid this location if you want to get your food inside an hour.
Wow. Dirty and slow.  The floors felt like they had the days burger grease spilled all over, and it took 30 m8n to get our take out order.
This place teeters between a 2 and a 3 star review.  I've had pretty good experiences inside, it's usually the drive-thru where things fall a part.  \n\nIt's the rare place I can get a Frisco Melt well, the ONLY place I can get a Frisco Melt!  and that steak burger alone is worth the risk, Walk In OR Drive Thru.\n\nJust take a gun on Weekends, you'll be fine.
This location is terrible. The drive-thru workers are rude and they give you crap food. I waited 5 minutes before being able to order, even when there was only 1 car ahead of me. Then the lady proceeded to ask me if I would like anything on my burger, and (thinking the pictures on the menu are what they're supposed to look like and they would never false advertise) I asked \""doesn't it come with the fixings like in the picture?\"" she then told me it only comes with cheese. So I then went on to tell her what I wanted on my burger. Pulled around and got my order pretty quick, but later when I open my burger its just meat and cheese. The meat is badly burned and cold. It was clear to me this burger was not fresh. I didn't even attempt to eat it, what a waste of a place. They definitely need better workers.
Nice staff but apparently there is little manager oversight around 3:28am.\n\nI do like this place.  It must be nice to work somewhere that allows you to choose your own tasks.  Like smoking, sitting and texting.  I'm fine with cooking my food being fourth on the \""to do\"" list because there is no where else togo really....\n\nWhy didn't they answer me at the drive through? I think they wanted me to come inside because my girlfriend and I are really really really good looking.\n\nThis was annoying but understandable.
It's okay. Food is cheap but portions are small. For example I order the chicken tenders, and I got 3 little tiny tenders, and a decent amount of fries. Also the restaurant is not really clean either.  This restaurant is not my number 1 choice.
Love this store!  Don't always have much luck with the sales, but I always find something I like here.  This isn't your average Marshall's or TJ Max.  I think the green dress I'm wearing is from Filene's!
This is probably my favorite store in Pittsburgh, for the selection and variety of discounted designer clothing. Other stores carry the same stuff but for much, much more, and it's hard to find all the stuff that the Basement carries in one spot. (Yes, I admit that the 'burgh has some cool stores.) I would do most of my clothes shopping here if I were here more often.
Another store which has gone the way of the Dodo bird. Actually there was nothing basement like about it. What will be done with the empty space that is the question?
$9.75 for a red bull and vodka? I'm sorry, I thought I was in Pittsburgh, not New York City. Sing Sing, a dueling piano bar, is fun, but it would be a hell of a lot more fun if I could have more than one watered down drink before I warbled my way through \""Paradise City\"" with the rest of the crowd.
In my opinion, Sing Sing is really not worth it. It gets expensive because you drink, maybe start to sing a few lyrics, drink some more, think of a song you wanna hear, put $5 and title of said song on a piece of paper, you drink, they play it, everyone else is trying to get their songs played so you put $10 on your next sticky note...and so on and so forth. I wasn't really into it when I first got there but as the night went on and lager went in I started to warm up to the place. I feel that if I have to drink in order to have a good time, it's not worth it. But again, that's just me.\n\nThe 2 stars are for the piano players, who are entertaining and very talented, and the Rock Bottom brews they serve.
If you want to be wowed by musical talent and want to laugh all night, go to Sing Sing :) If you send a dollar up with a song request, they will play it. If they don't know it, they will ask for the person who put the request in so they can sing something else they like, or they will look up the lyrics and sing it!! They aim to please :) I have definitely been pleased :)
This place has gone significantly down hill.  I've gone to Sing Sing about once a year for the last 6 or 7 years.  When we started going there you couldn't get a seat unless you got there early.  It was always packed.  However, each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller.  Crowd is an important component of a piano bar due to the interactive nature of it all.  I was there last Saturday night (8/4/12) and there was about 20-30 people there.  Very slow and boring.  It appears the crowd is no longer allowed up on stage, taking a lot of the interactive fun out of what this place used to be.  This was likely my last time at Sing Sing.  Save your $7 and skip this place.  A real shame because this place was once a lot of fun.
Always a good time, although it's definitely not a place I would visit often. It's great for groups....which is quite obvious since there are always several folks there for bachelorette  parties and birthdays. \n\nShut out to the piano players, who can not only play the piano, but also sing, play the drums and the sax. They are funny and know how to keep a crowd entertained. Also know some pretty obscure songs. \n\nMy big criticism is the set up. If you don't have a reservation and/or come later in the evening, it's difficult to get seats. Believe me, I don't mind standing, but it does become a bit awkward when you have to keep scooting over to let waitresses and patrons past you. If you do find a seat, it is often littered with someone else's empty glasses.
I went here with a bachelorette party. We had reservations, which was good because it was packed that Saturday night. The performers were very talented, but the acoustics were strangely off.   The theme that ran through the whole show was, to quote some phrases they kept repeating, \""you bitch, you slut, you whore\"" and  \""twinkle twinkle little slut, why don't you take it up the butt\"" which one of the pianists wrote on the mirror at the back of the stage... You get the idea?  Perhaps if I had not been the designated driver, alcohol would have made these jokes funny the fifth, sixth, seventh time. Or maybe not.
He was incredibly sexist/homophobic. He could barely play the piano and when we finally recognized a song we could actually dance to he literally asked me to get off stage because he didn't like another on stage who could actually dance with the girls.
I brought my car here in 2006 for repair of a scratched bumper.  The damage was minimal, but the work required removing my entire bumper for repainting.  The staff were very helpful in explaining my options and presenting me with a few choices to get the most bang for my buck.  They completed the work in the quoted amount of time and did a great job.  A few weeks later, I noticed a spot that needed touched up and they handled it immediately and without question.  I would definitely recommend these guys if you need bodywork or paint work done.
This is the best place we've ever taken our cars to. Their customer service is outstanding. It appears that they really like doing what they do because they are always willing to explain everything in detail. I also like that they don't over charge. I completely trust them to be honest and do the best job possible.
I usually have nothing but good things to say about this place. I've dealt with Fran and others and have had very good experiences. However, this time was very different. I called to find out how much they might charge to install some brakes and rotors that I had, i was reffered to Mark, the mechanic. I made the appointment with him for Tuesday Sept 30th, he quoted me between $179 - $200 for the work (though the first person I spoke to quoted $150-$179) and told me to bring it at 8am and it would be finished the same day.when I brought it on Tuesday, Septempber 30th at 8 am, Mark forgets that i even made the appointment with him (or didnt bother to make a note of it) saying, \""oh, I thought you were supposed to bring this by yesterday\"". He says I should expect this to probably be done before 3pm. \n\nI soon recieve a call from Mark at 10:25am, where he tells me the charge will actually be $240 (for four hours of labor + $13 worth of materials, before even getting started to see how long the job would actually take) and that the car would be ready by 3pm, if not possibly before that. Also for good measure he decides to randomly throw in, \""oh, and we don't take checks\"". \n\nThe next phone call is at 3:50pm to ask if i actually need to have the car back today, I tell Mark, \""yes, of course\"". (I was expecting to be ready by 3, if not before like he said) When I express that I definitely need it today, he says that he just has to finish this one side and it will be ready by 415. This leaves me with barely enough time to get a bus and get over there before they close at 430. Honestly if what he had to finish on my car could easily be completed between 3:50 and 4:15, i dont think he would bother asking if i still needed to have it that day. As a result I feel that he may have rushed something while putting my car back together, because now something feels slightly off with the feeling of how the cars is aligned or the way the car drifts at times.
When making a Customer's paymento atLowe's, we have our checklist:\n\n1. Do the phone numbers match?  Nope, but that's fine since people are always changing their phone numbers anyways.\n2. Does the name on account match name on check?  Nope, but mistakes happen at those pesky check companies.\n3. Does the account number on the check match the account number on the screen?  Why should it, those computers are always making mistakes.\n\nNow that we have verified that all the information is correct, we can process the payment.  The customer will be so happy that we didn't have to bother them with any silly questions.\n\n******\nI am sad to say that this is an actual occurrence.  What was originally an average Lowe's has turned into Lowe's Hell.  If the associates do not have basic logic comprehension, how do they survive?
Would like to give NO STARS.  bought all new kitchen appliances there.  Refrigerator is defective.  They\nsend an outside company to repair.  Man arrives with NO TOOLS and wrong size seal for freezer.  not once, twice.  The first time, he tries to use my spoon from counter to install it!  I complain, too bad...they have to comeTHREE times before replacing it!  NEVER AGAIN.
Waterfront Lowe's beats Monroeville Lowe's for lawn and garden.  Hate to admit it, but it's true.
This place is overrated. A friend and I were looking forward to a beer and some good bar food- instead the wings were terrible and the beer was good but overpriced. There's nothing wrong with this place I just don't understand the clout around it. There should be no clout.
There's lots of potential here because of the wonderful character and ambiance of this place, but the food was average at best.  We were there on a Pens Playoff night and there were 2 people working all the tables in both rooms.  Our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that.  Our orders were somewhat mixed up.  The potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing.  I tasted a slice of pizza, which is definitely the best thing they offer.  The crust was delicious and homemade.  If you are going to order something, I would go with the pizza.  We also ordered the chicken wings which were pretty good, also.  If you are looking for good food, Homestead better choices at Blue Dust or Tin Front.
Before today I probably would have given this place three stars based mostly on their beer selection; however, today the service was terrible. We waited two hours for a pizza sub, French onion soup, fries, and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie, no hot sauce). We were told by the waitress that she realized it was wrong, but decided to still bring it out to see if my gf would eat it. She sent it back. By a half hour later, we still had not received the buffalo chicken tenders, nor the French onion soup (which should have been mostly made already), and no fries.  We were told the chef was new, but no effort was made really to make the situation better. No quick and easy app or beers on the house. To boot, the beer was pretty expensive. I will probably give the place another chance based on their beer selection, but it won't be for a while. The food has always been average at best, and the pizza sub was no different. We ended up leaving after two hours without receiving 75% of our order.
I've been to Duke's three times now. When I first came to PGH, a lot of locals were telling me that this was a good place to catch a game, drink some brews and get great food. Most of that is true, but the bad has mostly outweighed the good.\n\nThey have an excellent new tap system. Last time I went, they had Thirsty Dog Leghumpper on draft, and it was perfect. The system really elevates already awesome beer. Plus, the selection is awesome. \n\nIt is a sports-themed bar, so you can expect drunk locals, loud TV's and plenty of yelling. I'm sort of into that, so it doesn't bother me, although I do think their staff is not well equipped enough to work among the chaos. Service is often slow, and they give the waitresses ZERO training in the beers that they offer. This is not a good place for trying something new, as they can't tell you a thing about it. \n\nThe biggest downfall of Duke's, though, is the food. I've had three different, but equally simple, dishes there; A Burger, a Cheesesteak and Chicken Tenders. The first was flavorless and cold. The second was passable, but nothing special. And the last were absolutely awful. Honestly, the batter and size of the chicken made me so ill, I had to call it an early night. I ate two of the 7 tenders (SEVEN!) and had to quit. \nTheir fries are very good. And so are the wings.\n\nI'd say Duke's is a good place to drink, but that's about it.
One of my favorite local eateries. The mild & wild sauce is my absolute favorite, I wish I could purchase it. I am not a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great & reminds me of a fatheads sandwich. Food portion is great. The only complaint I would have if any is the craft beer is a little on the pricey side, as usual in most local bars. Friendly service, will continue to frequent with my family.
D&B is nice once in a while but the food is insanely unhealthy. They are also really clever about designing the psychological context in ways to extract money from their customers. You feel a bit milked afterwards. Also much fatter.\n\nYou pay for games using credits from mag-stripe cards. This lets D&B give their games arbitrary prices and makes it harder for you to really know how much you are spending. Menus for drinks and food have no prices. $6.05 for a Banana Split cocktail? $3.40 for a Michelob?  I have no idea whether that is expensive but not showing the prices is clever because they can price their things and not have to obey pricing psychology (like anchors and so forth).\n\nWaitstaff hassle you repeatedly to order desserts. Oh, and the dining room has plastic demos dessert trays to get that thought going in your mind as you walk to your table.\n\nThe games are all violent shooters or racing games don't appear to have changed much since 2002 when I last went to D&B in California. Hope they can find more innovative arcade games in the future.\n\nNot a pleasant experience, but at least it's different from going to an ordinary restaurant.
Think Chuck E. Cheese for adults.  Skee Ball, video games pool tables.  Clean environment.  Good fun.\n\nUnfortunately, I went for a bite to eat and it was impossible to find anything good and healthy on the menu.  I ended up settling for spinach dip.  Sadly, they topped the dip off with horrible orange shredded cheese that appeared to have been popped in the microwave for a few seconds.  Blahhhh.  Trying to get something healthy, I ordered the apple pecan salad.  I swear the dressing came right out of the grocery store bottle.  I could barely eat the salad.  Too sweet.\n\nMy mom ordered a steak roll.....holy friedness!  The steak was more like hamburger fried with cheese and then stuffed into breading that was fried AGAIN!  Yowzer!  Artery clogger for sure.  \n\nI like the atmosphere.  I like the bar area.  Perhaps next time we'll just stop by for drinks instead.
Dave and Buster's is an enigma, is it dining, a bar, or  playground for video game lovers? Let me get the bar part out of the way first, it's overpriced, and they try to get you to buy a glass to jack up your bill. \n\nNext, the food. Just like all the chain places at the Waterfront, there are sandwiches, burgers (yes they have a blue cheese burger, who doesn't?) pasta, salads, chicken fingers, yadda yadda. \n\nThe games, I swear over three quarters of the games have been there since 2000 when the place opened. I guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene.\n\nOverall Dave and buster's is unique to the Waterfront, but it's time to update the menu, update the games, and get into the second decade of the 21st century.
The food was absolutely gross! I ordered a turkey club which comes on a wheat bun with avocado, bacon, and turkey breast. What I got was TOTALLY different from the picture! First of all the sandwich was on sliced bread (lame)! There was no avocado, 1 slice of bacon, no lettuce, and to TOP it off instead of turkey breast they used freaking LUNCH MEAT! lol No, not the kind that you get from the deli, the other sweaty nasty looking stuff! Gross! \n\nOur waitress was awful but they were extremely understaffed so I would have a bit of an attitude if I had to wait 10 tables without assistance too.   \n\nThe manager was really nice... Of course that disgusting sandwich that I didn't eat was free.
We came here on a Saturday night and luckily it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be. I love playing ticket games so luckily there were a lot of games to chose from and not many video games (sorry video game lovers!) We only played $20 worth of games and surprisingly we were there for awhile. I love their new Wheel of Fortune game! On our first play, we ended up winning a little over 700 tickets! They also have Fruit Ninja as a game. It was fun with the big widescreen but unfortunately you don't win as many tickets as you would hope. I wish their ticket center would have individual ticket counters like the other D&B's I've been to, where you feed a counting machine your tickets. At this place, they just weigh your tickets and give you the final count. We didn't try the food here and instead went to P.F. Chang's to eat before coming here, but the Eat & Play deal looked fun. Too bad it was only restricted to certain times of the day. Overall I had a blast here and definitely would come back. Hopefully next time when there is a deal or promotion.
Not much of a review for this one, but just a few tidbits of info...\n\nPool (on Friday/Saturday) is $14 per hour\n(I'm pretty sure its $10 through the week)\n\nMixed drinks are way too pricey for the location.\nThe food is crap.\n\nThe games are fun and the pool tables are nice (they're the big tournament style/size, not the shitty bar-room, tiny pool tables).\n\nThat is all.  :)\n\n(the pricing is based on my recent trip.\nWe shot pool for a few hours, I had a bar tab (that wasn't out of control) and my night ended up costing me $60
When did Dave and Buster's become a daycare?? Everywhere you look, there are signs that say kids must be accompanied by an adult, but apparently no one was honoring that at 6PM on a Saturday. I couldn't even walk through the place without someone shoving me. AHHH!\nI get that Dave and Buster's is an arcade and that you're going there to play some games, maybe eat, and kill some time. When I last went there a few years ago, we there for my bachelor party, and while I'm sure we got into some shenanigans, I don't remember children running wild there. We were having adult beverages, playing games, and having a good time. This time, it was ridiculous. It isn't Chuck E. Cheese, yet that's how parents seem to be treating the place.\nOn top of that, the customer service sucked. The place is gigantic, with tables and serving areas everywhere, yet on a Saturday at 6PM, the hostess told us (after interrupting us three times to chat with the other hostess) told us it would be a three hour wait, despite the fact that there were empty tables all over the dining room. I suspect this is a ploy to get you to play games and spend money until you're table is ready, but the food at Dave and Buster's is not worth a three hour wait on any day.\nThe hostess told us we could be served right away if we went to the midway and found an empty table, so we attempted that. Most of those tables were empty with usually one or two adults at a giant empty table filled with coats who informed us that they needed the table because their kids would be back soon after playing games. Next, i engaged in the most rudest thing I've ever done- I began stalking tables where people were finishing up. I would walk up to people paying their check, ask if I could have their table when they were done, and they would inform me that there were already two or three people who asked them and I should get in line.\nFinally, we found a table and proceeded to spend two hours eating dinner. It wasn't because we ordered a lot of food- it was that the waiter took forever to bring our food out. He seemed to have no problem getting us fresh drinks, until we drank as much as we could and then asked for water. After that, he seemed to come around a lot less. \nI had the build your own chicken tacos, which comes on a giant plate with all kinds of fixings. The fixings were fresh, but the chicken was cold and dry, and the tortillas were dried out as well. For $14, it wasn't worth it. \nAfter dinner we proceeded to play games, which entails shoving people to get through areas and waiting in line to play anything. \nAll in all, I didn't like my experience at Dave and Busters. I remembered it being a fun place to go and unwind as an adult. but between all the kids and the crappy service, can't recommend this place. If anyone asks me to go back, I may elect to stay home and poke my eyes with a fork.
Not being from the area, I traveled an hour to come here from Uniontown, PA. I was excited! I haven't been to this Dave and Buster's since I was younger and was ready to go back and play me some games! I went with my cousins, mind you, we hadn't ate all day and were very hungry. So, we decided to do the Eat & Play Combo, naturally. Here's where it gets bad. First of all, we get a very snobby hostess that shows us to our table. Then, we wait...and wait...and finally after about 25 mins we get a waitress. Her name was Ashley. We had plenty of time to decide what we wanted, so we quickly put our order in. Next, we were sitting and talking, waiting, we had empty glasses and our waitress had never even come around to see if we needed refills except for one time. She said she'd come back right away with our refills...yea, right. 20 mins later we get our refills. Mind you, our food still hasn't came yet. I see other people getting their food that had come in after us. I was frustrated. After waiting 45 mins for our food, I asked to speak with a manager. One of the servers who I asked replied rudely with \""Well, he's really busy right now. I doubt he'll be able to come out and talk to you\"". Finally, 15 mins later...that's one hour, folks. We get our food. What do you think the next problem was? Yep, the food was cold. I was completely fed up at this point, and told my waitress how disappointed I was, especially after driving one hour just to have this terrible service. The manager never came to speak with me, and we didn't even receive our meals for free. The only compensation we got were $10 game cards. Woopty-doo. The only thing good about this place is the games, but the prizes you get for your tickets are all junk and worthless. So, in conclusion...I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE WATERFRONT DAVE AND BUSTERS OF HOMESTEAD, PA. It was horrible, and I will not be returning for a very long time!
This place just plain sucks\nBad management lost them biz\nDumb arcade drama*\n\n* they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having a guardian over 30 years old
Visiting from Toronto, I was really impressed! The amount of tickets to be won was incredible. We usually got 200 tickets per play on average. Compared to Playdium here, that's awesome considering I'd win at most 10 tickets with the smallest prize costing 100 tickets. The food is great, the place is clean and the games don't feel greasy or nasty from all the food.
Visited the Dave and Busters in Homestead, PA last night. Waitress mixed up our credit cards and gave my brothers credit card to someone else and he theirs. Charged them already too - both incorrectly My brother had to walk around and find out who it was. Waitress never apologized. GM was extremely rude and refused to give my brother his original receipt back saying they had thrown it out. DID NOTHING TO REMEDY the situation and ignored us the rest of our visit - not even a refill. After spending over $300 plus games, we will never go back. Whatever happened to the customer is always right? HORRIBLE service
My boyfriend and I are in our 20s, and have visited this D&B multiple times. After our visit yesterday, however, I don't think we'll be back. When we arrived we were greeted by a long line of people waiting to buy game cards. At first there were 2 extremely slow workers trying to do this, then one left while the line was still out the door! The girl that was left was more than incompetent, and was taking extremely long to fill these game cards. We stood in line for over 20 minutes before being told that there was another attendant in the actual game room. Needless to say, the line in the game room was just as long, and they still only had one girl in the booth. It was a Saturday! After we finally got our cards we had to wait yet again to get a beer. 2 bartenders on staff while the bar was completely full. It took us almost an hour before we actually could start gaming. The floors were filthy with trash, and the bathrooms: repulsive! I had to use the restrooms twice during our visit, and not only did both bathrooms I used have no toilet paper in them, but there was TP all over the floors, and the sinks were less than cleanly. My boyfriend mentioned that the guys restroom was no better, as it smelled like pee and the paper towel dispenser didn't work. All I have to say is get your crap together. We could see a difference in the type of crowed that was there on Saturday compared to what it used to be, and I'm I have no doubt it's due to the poor service and attention to cleanliness. For how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends. It's a shame how quickly this place has gone down hill and we will NOT be returning anytime soon!
Most of the games were out of order and I had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credits.  Apathetic service staff all around, the Peanut and I were really disappointed.  Won't be back.
To keep it short and sweet: Save yourself $100. Buy a good board game, your alcohol of choice, order a pizza, and invite your friends over. \n\nWhat an incredible disappointment. After seeing the enticing commercials so many times, we decided to give this place a try on a double date. I understand the prices of the play cards and won't dispute them; however, the food was incredibly over-priced, came out COLD (as in, sat on a counter without warmers for a minimum of 30 minutes) and I literally had to ask the bartender if there was any vodka in my drink. It was pure juice. $38 for three shots that had little-no alcohol in them. (Not to mention, my glass was dirty, and I saw the bartender scoop the glass into the ice basin because she was too lazy to use the sanitary scoop. I know the Food and Beverage Commission would be as disappointed as I was.) The service was terrible. Don't ask for anything from your waiter, as they are a little too busy on their cell phones or conversing amongst themselves. \n\nWas it fun to be in an adult-themed arcade? Yes. If you're looking for a good atmosphere to go with friends to play games, I suppose I would advise you give it a shot. I would never recommend their food, customer service, or drinks. Save yourself the money and stay home, or go for a traditional bowling, figure skating, roller-blading, rock climbing, basically any other physically-entertaining themed date instead.
I still love this place!  I spent my 36th birthday at D&B's and it was a wise decision!  i had so much fun, and so did my guest!  I got a very attentive serving staff, and met up with many helpful servers!  I believe that service has improved, so I bumped this restuarant up to 4 stars!  No five stars yet, because I've still as of yet to eat in the restuarant portion of it!  It's still worth the visit, and is a lot of fun for a reasonable price!
I was here on 10/3 and I have to say this was a horrible experience.  Me and a friend went here to eat and play a couple games afterwards.  It took the waitress at least 10-15 minutes to greet us and by that time we knew we should just order then because we might not see her again.  We ordered and got our drinks and well let's just say we didn't see the waitress again until she was giving us our check (some manager delivered the food to the table).  No refill on my beverage, no how is your food, no ketchup for my burger or fries was offered.  Lots of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people!  I will not be back again to eat.
My sister and law wanted to go here for lunch so all the kids could play games after we all had some lunch together. This place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms. All of the food looked great on the 16 page menu. When our food came though, everything was below average. They have a huge selection of games for the kids to play, but you pay dearly to play games here. The food is  overpriced and the drinks are drastically overpriced.
Horrible beer, horrible service, horrible menu
SUMMARY:\nIf I was in the area and no one had a better suggestion for where to go, I might come back for beer and appetizers.\n\nGOOD:\n- Decent beer...\n- Original pretzel appetizer.  You take chunks of soft pretzel and dunk it in spinach cheese dip.\n- Huge portions.  Most of us had leftovers.  The RB Appetizer Sampler was multi-story and way more food that we could handle.  The half order of ribs looked like a full rack.\n- Attentive service with quick seating and frequent drink/water refills.\n- Amusing name.\n\nBAD:\n- Lots of food choices... burgers... steak... chicken... salads.  Lots of drink choices... beers... wines... mixed drinks.  I guess this could be seen as good, but it takes a while for everyone to pick something and since no one's awesome at everything, you could tell right away that nothing distinguishes this place.\n- None of the food was super awesome.  Nothing was awful, but nothing stood out in any way.  I've had better beer, appetizers, and a better main course at plenty of breweries.\n- Kind of dead on a Monday night with 3/4 of the place empty.\n\nCome if you want bar food, but keep your expectations low.
Microbrewed beers are only a plus to me when they're better than the beer I would have drank otherwise.  One waitress I had while there tried to split the uprights between macrobrew and trendy by describing one of their beers as \""kind of like Coors Light\"".  If I wanted Coors, I'll pay half as much and have one.  \n\nThe food is actually a saving grace, as it was pretty good.  Head next door to Sing Sing for drinks, though.
My friends got everyhing from steak(they didn't even get a well done steak right) to mahi tacos and the only great menu item was the seasoned vegetables- give it a miss. Sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else. After we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the checks and I had ordered meal that came with a desert! Really dissapointing all around.
Lately, the Rock Bottom is hit or miss. The beers are always good and the Uppity Jagoff IPA is one of the best India Pale Ales I've ever tasted. The low point lately has been the food. I will never forgive the idiot in management who took the chicken quesadilla off the menu. That said, I ordered the lobster roll and when it arrived, the bread was as hard as a brick and cold. The filling was okay, but the lobster flavor was masked by over spicing. I suggest you eat somewhere else and imbibe at the Rock Bottom.
Pretty good! Excellent beer sampler - bargain!  Veggie burger awesome. Onion rings awesome. Fried Mac n cheese was delicious - crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside. Carrot cake was monstrously huge and delicious.
First off, I will say that I just moved here from California and was a big patron at the Rockbottom in Long Beach. I came to the Homestead location last night eager to see the beer at this location.\n\nNow, Rockbottom is a chain brewery, so a lot was the same... the menu, the food prices (yet beer is cheaper, and I am fine with that). I have always found their food to be pricey, but they use excellent ingredients and it has always been tasty and filling so I am fine with that. The food here was just as good as the Long Beach location, so I have no problem with the chef at all.\n\nService was good, our waitress was very friendly and helpful. I wish that they had asked us if we wanted to sit in the bar since happy hour was still going, but that isn't a big thing. Went to the bar to get a drink and had to wait awhile to get the bartender's attention, but he was very friendly and I got a nice welcome from him and others at the bar when they learned I had just moved here... I really enjoyed that.\n\nBeer: We got the beer sampler to try the whole list... and, well... I found the dark beers a bit lacking in comparison. The light beer and the wheat were amazing, very impressed. The pale was ok, as was the velvet pale that was one of the specials of the night... but both were way too citrusy. The Uppity IPA was very good... I don't usually like IPAs because the hops overpowers all flavor but the brewer had a good balance. Still, couldn't do a whole glass. I felt the Imperial Stout had a bitter burned taste that was overpowering... I almost want to say the batch had too much chocolate malt in it (not ice cream malt, for the non-homebrewers). The brown and amber were decent, but bland. I ended up getting an actual glass of the light beer and was able to finish it all without forcing it.... one point up on Long Beach, who had a good light but the aftertaste got to you before the glass was empty.\n\nI REALLY wanted to try the Das Gut Dopplebock, but they were out. Looks like they will have it in bottles to go soon so I hope I can catch that. Also want to try the Snow Moon Belgian.\n\nVerdict: While I was not too impressed with the dark beers, I found the lighter ones very good and I look forward to trying the other seasonal beers. It is a good hour drive south to get there, so I won't be going too often, but I will be back.
Beer selection was good, but they were out of the ones we wanted. 4 of the 6 people in our group ordered steaks all of them were cooked to their satisfaction. The bourbanzola was a good addition. Defiantly a place I would go again. Joe, our server, was awesome and super friendly.
I love this place!  Great atmosphere and friendly service every time I go!!
I always feel like I am constantly bashing breweries for their food, but in my opinion, I feel the bar is raised for places like this. It seems there are so many breweries out there that offer great beer, and slack off on the food. Unfortunately Rock Bottom is one that falls into that category. Let's be honest, when you go to a brewery, you want the full experience. If it was only about the beer, I'd go buy a growler and take it home. \n\nSo, about the beer....EXCELLENT!!!!! The Jagoff IPA is with out a doubt one of the best IPAs I have ever had! They only I can think of that I think is better is Dogfish Head, but that's a matter of opinion. The beer selection is constantly changing, and they always have some excellent seasonal beers. You can't go wrong, there's bound to be a beer everyone will like. \n\nAs for the food.......it's pretty much a crap shoot. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's terrible. My biggest problem is there is absolutely no consistency when it comes to the food. One time it's perfect, then maybe it's cold, or it's burned, or it tastes completely different from the last time you had it. Unfortunately, it seems there is zero attention to food quality. \n\nThat's pretty much it. This place fixes it's food consistency, and it's a five star place. Till then, it's hit or miss!
I must admit, I do like the brews.  I also like the white cheddar mash potatoes.  Other than that, meh.  The food is pretty forgettable.  Another \""brewery\"" that sadly fails to be anything special in the food department.  With the restaurants upping the ante on 8th Ave, you may want to kick it up a notch Rock Bottom.  But how would anyone know to?  It's a chain.  Whomp whomp!
For a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to Germany. Not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95.
I went to Rock Bottom this past weekend, and it was \""nice\"" to see that nothing has changed in the year or two since my last visit. While the beer is pretty good, it has never outweighed the fact that the service isn't good and the food is average, at best.\n\nIt was even difficult to get beers at the bar...we tried to have the girls order, thinking they'd have better luck...when that failed, the men tried...that didn't work either. If we hadn't REALLY wanted a cold beer after a comedy show at The Improv, we would've just left. It definitely wasn't busy enough to be noticed and ignored by the bartender, so I can't overlook it. Of course, the service has always been spotty at Rock Bottom, so it was hardly surprising.\n\nCombine the weak food and poor service with Rock Bottom being too far from home for a night out just to drink, and you get the exact formula that's kept me from going there in the past...and will keep me from going often in the future.
Slow service\nBelow average food \nIll pass
First time I was here I had chicken quesadilla's and they were bad.  We went again last weekend. I had the chicken avacod sandwich.  It was very good.  No fat in the chicken.  Just a mess to eat, but still awesome.   Also had the chocolate stout cupcake, it was amazing.
Rock Bottom is a chain brew pub one that, in my opinion, is just \""OK\"".  The restaurant is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table. They have many of their own brews that you can sample but to tell you the truth none of them are that good. I have had several of their beers and all of them have been forgettable. \n\nTheir food is pretty much like their beers, forgettable. I have had one of their burgers and their pizza and they really weren't anything to write home about.\n\nI feel they will impress those who have never been to a brew pub but I would probably describe them as the Chili's of Brew Pubs. If you are in homestead and are looking for a burger and a beer it might be a good choice for a bite, or at least until the Burgatory opens!
Went here last night to meet folks for a friend's birthday party. Docking one star due to a few unfortunate things that happened, otherwise I'd be fine giving this place a 3.\n\nOur waiter was very attentive and kept our water and soda cups refilled, the food was decent overall - I had a plain ol' burger and a delicious berry sangria - and the place overall had a nice vibe to it and was pretty comfortable and fun to be in...you'd think this would just be another average place not-great-but-not-bad and I'd be ready to go on to the next review right there.\n\nHere's where I ran into problems. I'd checked the website in advance to try and plan my meal since I do my best to pick items on menus that aren't, say, 2,000 calories in one sitting. Their website advertises that they make skinny drinks; when I asked my waiter he said it was possible but that they did not normally do this and that it's a hassle for the people at the bar, so he didn't recommend it. Then why tell us on your website that you'll do it??? \n\nAdditionally, while we had checked in advance when we made our reservation about bringing a birthday cake and the restaurant's ability to handle us lighting candles, apparently there was a break down in communication; we never got the candles we had asked for, and in fact the poor waiter struggled to even find a lighter before realizing there were no candles available. Obviously whatever error occurred wasn't the waiter's fault, and we definitely thanked him and tipped him well for doing the best that he could with what he had.\n \nOn a final note, this is also one of those places where if you ask for a medium rare burger, they will overcook it; I've started ordering medium rare on purpose specifically so that I get a medium cooked burger instead of medium well or well done.\n\nFinal verdict: go for the brews if you must, and the food's nice enough. I was admittedly left a little underwhelmed.
I rarely give a business a superior rating, but I have to say my wife and I had one of the best dining experiences at the Rock Bottom Brewery.   The food was delicious,  the beer, every recipe sampled,  was amazing and the service was wonderful.  The staff made us feel like we were the most important guests in the restaurant. \n\nPlease support this business.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
Came with my BF we started with the crab artichoke dip. It was very greasy and had virtually no crab. The wedge salad was good and crisp. I had the hazelnut crusted chicken. This has to be one of the worst dishes I've ever had it was like pancake syrup over breaded chicken. To finish the meal we had the homemade chocolate chip cookies served with hot fudge. Well there was no hot fudge it was chocolate syrup the ice cream was so crystallized from melting and re-freezing all around disappointing.
I'm a regular here since their kitchen is open late and it's a good option after movies. Their nachos is pretty good. I also tried their burger and chicken sandwiches and they're good as well. \nI think the only thing I did't like is the steak taco appetizer. It was too sour and kinda tasteless.
So after an evening of enjoying a comedy show at the Waterfront, we headed to Rock Bottom for some late night grub.  The place was pretty busy, we had to walk around the bar area for several minutes until a nice couple told us they were about to leave and we could have their bar table.  As nice as this was of them it was awkward standing over them as they finished their drinks paid their bill and left.  \n\nSo finally seated I look over the drinks and being the huge IPA lover that I am I went with that and it was indeed a good choice.  The hubby had the Red Ale which was also rather good.\n\nThe service was OK, not the best not the worst.  But moving on to more important thing, the food.  Talk about missing the mark hugely!  I ordered the mini street fish tacos.  You get four mini tacos with a marinated in lime piece of fish, and tomatillo salsa.  They were just strokes away from inedible.  I love fish tacos, I mean it is such a simple concept so why do people have such a hard time executing this dish? The shells were hard and literally split at the bottom when I picked them up.  The sour cream sprayed all over the plate only made them messy and the poor fish was just so overcooked.  If I wasn't so hungry I wouldn't have eaten them at all! Lesson learn on that.\n\nThe husband had the BBQ Chicken Pizza.  It had beans and corn with roasted red pepper on it along with some sour cream.  My husband is usually the type that will order these lovely specialty pizza's and ask for them to remove all the wonderful unique toppings!  For instance, he would usually just say, Chicken BBQ and cheese, nothing else!  I refused to let him do that this time, because I was really intrigued in the combination of ingredients on this pie.  And boy was I jealous when it came out.  It blew my crappy tacos out of the water!  Should have stuck with something simple.  \n\nFurthermore I could care less if I come back to this location.  The beers were good but hell you can get a decent IPA just about anywhere anymore.  And the underwhelming food sealed the deal.  I know this is a chain, but it still doesn't have to stink...
Another good meal ... this time the Housemade Meatloaf. It's a blend of turkey and sausage instead of the standard ground beef. A refreshing and delicious twist on a comfort food staple. Served over cheddar mashed and mixed veggies. The server could have behaved like she wanted to be there but everyone has a bad day once in awhile. Service was prompt just the same. Overall good experience.
My husband and I got here a couple times a year.    Always (except my veggies today) get great food at a decent price.   I love their side salad..... which has raisins and sunflower seeds.    Burgers are great and my husband loves their chicken Mac and cheese.   Recommend to everyone just get there early for a seat.
Poor service and food. I waited 20 minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence. They finally brought my food out and left it without asking for me to pay.... So I had to wait an additional 15 minutes to find someone to pay. Yes, I had to TRY and give them money.\n\nOn to the important part... Food was terrible. I had a burger and it was pathetic.
Every time I've been here the food has always been delicious and the service has always been very exceptional. My go to is the Laredo burger and the Mac n'cheese as a side. They Mac n' cheese is absolutely wonderful if you like garlic! I've had a few other menu options as well that have been superb. The beers on tap are always great. My newest favorite is the First! Pumpkin Ale. \n\nOne thing I really appreciate about Rock Bottom is that they aren't one of these restaurants that try to rush you out when you're done eating. The food comes out fast (which is great when you're starving!) but if you want to stay an visit with your date or eating companions there's never any rush. I was just at Rock Bottom last night meeting friends for a movie that didn't start until 11pm. We got at the restaurant around 7:30, ordered drinks, ate and had a few more drinks and then just hung out for about a half hour until it was time to Walk over to the cinemas. It was nice not feeling rushed to leave as soon as we stopped ordering.\n\nMy only complaints are that sometimes meat ends up being cooked a little more than you often ask. Medium often turns into medium well, but that's not a huge problem for me. I also don't think the signature cocktails are worth $9, but that's more of a corporate complaint since Rock Bottom is a small chain. \n\nOverall I definitely recommend eating here if you're in the Waterfront!
The food is standard American fare--a bit overpriced in my mind--and the beers range from mediocre to very bad.  The K\u00f6lsch is the only decent beer of the bunch.  The service is good, but the wait for food or a table can be quite long (generally 20-30 minutes even for just beer and apps).  I've been to the one at the Denver airport as well, but I was stranded and had free meal tickets, so okay-but-nothing-special pizza from Rock Bottom it was.  Since it's a recognizable national chain, I think of places like this as more of a tourist brewery rather than a true Pittsburgh craft-brew experience.
The beer is good but the food is nothing to brag about at ALL. I've tried many things on the menu, and if you have developed a \""foodie\"" palate, don't even bother, because you will be very disappointed. If you feel comfortable with chain restaurants and their lack of innovative touch (which, nothing wrong with that!) you will most likely enjoy Rockbottom. The only entree I did enjoy were the lobster and shrimp enchiladas (minus the repulsive beans and rice) and the asiago crab dip as an appetizer. Otherwise, you are better off skipping it.
Be careful. The servers can't pay attention to save their lives, and the management cares even less. I want to make sure people know how careless the management is, particularly Mark who seems to let his staff run around.
I always enjoy Rock Bottom. Standard beers on tap are always great and their rotating selection usually has a hit as well. \n\nI prefer the bar seating as to the dining room, but this is a good way to separate the family dining from those of us without kiddos. \n\nNachos, nachos, nachos. Truly the best in the area. Great burgers, chili and salads. Really...I don't think I've had a bad meal here. Nice outdoor seating in the summer. \n\nThis is a great place to watch a game or just hang out. Iced counter at the bar to keep your drink cold.  I know they have other cocktails here, but I can't order them at a beer place. I've seen them and they do look good, but I'm stuck to the beer selection. \n\nThey have a great happy hour and specials throughout the week. \n\nService is always great whether there are two or 10 of us.
BALL PARK PRETZEL-Would eat again. \n\nI came to rock bottom, looking for a great beer. Full of hops, that brings a refreshing sensation and satisfaction. I then opened the menu, scanned looking for those select bar items to pair with my great beer. I saw an extensive list of items, from chicken fingers to salads. I noticed a Ball Park Pretzel, with a jalape\u00f1o cheese dip. I was blown away, the fact that I got 2 pretzels amazed me. I ordered within 25 minutes of seating. My pretzels hit the table within minutes. The smell of the warm salt and hot cheese opened my senses. But I knew we could step this shit up, I asked for mustard. And what do you know. Grey Poupon Dijon Mustard is in front of my eyes. I combined that shit and life evolved. I went to heaven, it took me 35 minutes to write this review because I took a solid bite with Grey Poupon after each sentence. Good look Rock Bottom, keep up the good work.
I always enjoy a good comedy club and though I'm a loyal Helium fan, I gotta give props to the Improv near Pittsburgh. They chose a great location, with surrounding restaurants of all genres and fun bars and shopping. \n\nWe bought tickets to see a comedian I had never heard of (he was decent) for $25 each with a two item purchase minimum. I really dislike that rule but you can't really get around it. \n\nThe only thing I didn't like, aka hated, was having to wait in line outside before the show started. It was freeeeezing! They should put heaters outside. seriously.
My friends & I all purchased Groupons  for the Pittsburgh Improv on or around March 22nd, 2012. At that time, only a few big name comedians were listed on the Improv's website as Special Events. You can use the Groupon on anything that isn't a Special Event. That seemd reasonable. The day the Groupons were purchased, my friend Katrina called & reserved two tickets to Jim Jeffries for 3/30 at 10pm. They allowed her to use her Groupon & gave her a confirmation code & everything! Shortly after, they changed many of the comedians on their website, including Jim Jeffries, to Special Events. When I called I was told I could not use my Groupon. The same thing happened to many of my friends. It's a classic bait & switch. These comedians were NOT Special Events until after the Groupon came out. In addition, other restrictions, such not being able to use the Groupons on Saturdays & having to use the additional four vouchers for one show, were NOT listed under the restrictions when the Groupon was for sale. \n\nSo tonight, my friends & I had pretty much resolved ourselves to the fact that we were not going to the Improv because they wouldn't allow us to use our Groupons. But I walked over to the Will Call window with my friend Katrina so she could at least get her tickets. Big surprise - she was told they didn't have her reservation or her name in their computers! They wouldn't give her the tickets. It's an absolute joke of a deal. How is everyone going to use their Groupons by Sept. if all of the shows are Special Events now? \n\nIn addition, no one at the Improv answers the phones or responds to emails. \n\nMy friends & I (about 10 of us total) are all getting refunds through Groupon and/or our credit card companies & we are all reporting the Improv to the Better Business Bureau, etc. \n\nThe Pittsburgh Improv is extremely shady & does not care about their customers.
The place does what it does best - Comedy.  The food, however.  Blah.\n\nFirst off, If you go to a show, please note there is a two item per person minimum.  This means that from their extensive menu of overpriced bar food and drinks, you are REQUIRED to choose two items each.    \n\nSecond, the sodas are NOT FREE REFILLS!  I learned that one the hard way.  Get water. \n\nThird, before tipping your server, please make sure she hasn't already taken her cut out.  Even after paying for two very bland, overpriced meals and way too many Diet Cokes, I thought that my bill was rather high.  Upon further inspection, I noticed that my server had taken an 18% gratuity.  The menu explicitly says that an automatic gratuity will be taken out for parties of six or more, but there was only two of us and we weren't even drunk.  I found this tactic awfully presumptuous and left her tip at the 18% even though I typically tip well over 20%.    \n\nOverall, I don't like the idea of being required to purchase food just to see a comedy show.  I can see why they do it, but if I were required to buy a crappy popcorn and overpriced pop every time I went to the movies, I would be far less inclined to go as I am not inclined to go to the Improv again.
The Pittsburgh Improv is unfortunately another great idea hamstrung by the details of mediocre execution (some specific examples at the end).\n\nThe setup is nice, a delightful--if a bit sterile--reproduction of what you'd think a comedy club should like if you watch enough TV.  The interior is clean; the seats are comfortable; and it's an OK atmosphere to see a show and laugh.\n\nIt's too small, however, to attract many of the best acts, which limits its ability to ever become the central hub for Pittsburgh comedy.  Most of the big names that have recently come through Pittsburgh--Jim Gaffigan, Louis CK, Second City--all perform elsewhere (though they managed to get Bob Saget, to their credit).\n\nBut the biggest problem is the food and drink.  They're very up front about their mandatory two item minimum, but the forced service requires that you spend extra money and get interrupted by waitstaff at least several times during the show.  The prices are well above what I'd consider reasonable given the quality, and I'd begrudgingly--or even happily--just shrug off the cost the same way I would a stadium concession stand markup...but the food is bad.  You're forced to either (a) buy extremely overpriced drinks (3.50 for a soda, for example, with no refills--or ten dollars for one with refills), or (b) buy moderately overpriced food which you wouldn't want in the first place.  I thought the ten dollar chicken sandwich looked reasonable, until a few bites in I decided I'd rather just throw away the money than keep eating it.\n\nStill, I think this place has a lot of potential; the core idea is very workable; and they do attract some really good comedians.  Two stars for now, with high hopes for improvements.\n\nA few specific drawbacks which could be VERY easily fixed:\n1 - A lot of the drinks didn't have prices on them.  I know this isn't uncommon, but at a venue where every question you ask interrupts not only your own show-viewing experience as well as the experiences of your neighbors, it's an incredibly poor decision here.  Make everything on the menu exceptionally clear.  It's not that hard.\n2 - Put the drink prices on the website too.  An Improv representative has personally responded to many of these Yelp reviews, and she once said \""Our menus and pricing are listed on our website, which makes for easy planning!\""  I'm calling shenanigans.  Not all the prices are on the website, which makes for difficult planning.\n3 - Reminding me to tip my server during the show AND adding an automatic gratuity to the check makes me feel like you're trying to trick me.  It's kind of an unprofessional way to say goodbye to one's customers.\n4 - Since the $3.50 soft drinks don't come with free refills, the servers shouldn't ask \""would you like a refill on that?\"" or anything of the sort.  They should ask \""would you like another one?\"" instead.  They should also respond to requests for refills by saying \""we don't offer refills, but I'd be happy to get you another one.\""  Just because there's a 10 dollar refillable soda option on the menu doesn't mean people all figure it out.  Most patrons don't even bother reading the beverage section of the menu if all they want is a standard beverage offered almost everywhere (like a cola or diet cola), and the reading difficulties imposed by the darkness make them even less likely to browse the offerings.
My husband and I went to do something fun. The comedy was great!  The food, however, is mediocre at best. In addition, we were seated in the last row, and 10 minutes into the headliner they sat someone else at our table, so that they were in front of us. I could not see a thing. When we received our check, they had added an 18% gratuity without permission or notification.  I will not be returning anytime soon.
We came to the Improv for the first time on Friday night for my wife's work holiday party. We arrived early for dinner and drinks from a predetermined menu. Dinner started with a salad of clearly bagged, almost brown iceberg lettuce, with some croutons and frozen-then-thawed looking tomatoes that were pinkish at best. I took a few bites of this unappetizing poor excuse for a salad, and I can tell you it was downright tragic. Dinner arrived and since there wasn't any vegetarian options on this predetermined menu, we received a dish that was supposed to contain meat with the meat omitted. It was a huge pile of spaghetti in a bowl. It looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked. The pasta was overcooked, and the tomato sauce was just watered down pur\u00e9ed canned tomatoes. I saw traces of onion in my dish but didn't taste them at all. I was so hungry that I salted the heck out of this abomination and took a few bites. Yuck. I didn't make a dent in this crapfest. For dessert we were given a choice of chocolate cake, which my wife ordered, and cheesecake, which I ordered. The chocolate cake had freezer burn. Inexcusable! It wasn't edible. The cheesecake was only a hair better, but it had obviously come out of the freezer as well. I know people aren't coming here for the food, but if you are FORCING them to order things off of your menu to fulfill some outdated requirements (two drink/two menu item minimum) then at least make some halfway decent food. It doesn't even have to be memorable...just not OFFENSIVE. Which it was!! Had I paid for any of this I would have made a huge stink, but I tried to be polite and push my food around and make small talk. \n\nThe comedians were good. The venue was nice-ish and we got to sit in the front because we arrived early for our \""event\"". Not always the best thing in a comedy club (we only got picked on a little bit). But damn, I was hungry! I found myself fantasizing about all of the crappy Waterfront restaurants and how I'd rather be there...how I'd rather be heating up a discount microwave dinner...how I'd rather have a giant bowl of Captain Crunch...how I'd rather go back in time and eat spaghetti from my high school cafeteria...what a dreadful dining experience.\n\nMy car was also violated in the parking lot. I had an adorable German license plate on the front of my adorable German car which was stolen while I was eating hideous food, which was just the slap in the face I wanted when finally retreating to my car. I feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as a whole.\n\nThe Improv should consider outsourcing the food prep to a catering company. I truly believe that's the only thing that can save this place. Do yourself a favor and eat beforehand, and just order a beer. Well, two I guess. Other diners at our table complained about the quality of the cocktails so I'd steer clear of those. Unless there is a can't miss type of comedian here, I can't ever picture going back to the Improv. I'd give the comedians 4 stars, and the food ZERO stars.
I was so excited when my husband gave me tickets to go here to see funny man Bill Crawford, part of the DVE morning show for those of you who never heard of him.  That is funny because as I was telling people about going it became clear there are A LOT of people that haven't... Oh Well... Let me mention this was my first time there.\n\nSo I was warned in advance of the possible long waits outside and the two item minimum.  Well to my pleasant surprise there was no wait, walked right in, greeted, an usher showed us to our seats and we waited less than 5 minutes to be asked for our order.  This was nice.  I will say that the show started at 8pm, and we were there by 7:20 or so.  There were already people seated so we were by no means very early, and heck there were people with full course meals and tables of 10.  The price of the mixed drinks were not disclosed on the menu, leading me to believe that it may leave me short for the mortgage next month, but they did have a 60 minute dogfish head IPA for $6.00.  Now that may seem rather expensive and it is, but doable so I indeed did it... My husband got a domestic and it was between 4-5 bucks.  We opted not to eat there, as we were going to Rock Bottom after wards and I will get to that review later...\n\nSo the show was good.  There were moments that I think the comedians may have went off track and were just bantering, but luckily enough they rebound and got back to making everyone laugh instead of being uncomfortable.  There were a total of 4 comedians, the MC, and two opening acts for Crawford.  I actually really enjoyed them.  \n\nThe one or two things I didn't like about the place.  The bathrooms are in the lobby.  As this seems normal there is no separate area to enter back into the room without having to make your way through people who are waiting to be seated... This was/is stupid.  I was actually nervous that they were going to stop me and ask for my ticket which they safely secured at my first entrance.  The same also goes for smoking.  Since we were so early I took a break and it was again awkward reentering.  Maybe they need to have some type of system to get around this.  A stamped hand?  A ticket stub?  Not sure but I know I would have felt better unlike feeling like I was sneaking into the place.  \n\nI would definitely return to the Improv.  I just hope I always have a rather positive experience!
It isn't often that my wife and I get to go out, but we had tickets to see the WONDERFUL Lisa Landry and figured since we were going to the Improv, we may as well eat there too. I should have gotten on here and read the reviews before making that decision. We had what seems to be a typical experience at the improv. We were handed a paper menu with 4 items on it when we walked in the door. There was no other menu at the table and our waitress didn't offer us one either. She wanted our order, but as we were looking around the place, we realized that most of those around us were eating items that not on the menu provided to us. When asked about another menu, our waitress told us if we give her our drink order, she'll see what she can do. The table next to us handed over their menus so we had something to work with. Our drinks came, we finally put our orders in...and that was the last time we saw our waitress for almost a full 30 minutes. When she finally came back, all she wanted was to know if we wanted a 2nd round of drinks. After 30 minutes I was finally going to get a second beer! \""What about our food?\"", we asked. \""Oh\"", was her answer. Now, according to the menu, dinner came with a side salad, a complimentary glass of champagne, and a chocolate mousse dessert. That's all good and fine. After a couple of minutes, someone, not our waitress, finally brought out our meals. When we asked him about our salads, his reply was \""do you want me to take your food back?\"". Really?!?! \""Do you want me to take your food back?\"" After almost 45 minutes at this point, we had received 1 round of drinks and had seen our waitress only twice and had just received our food. No, I don't want you to take our food back! Halfway through eating our meals, which were by this time cold, our waitress finally came back with our second beers. She asked us how everything was. We asked about our salads. She said she was told we didn't want them. REALLY?!?! Is this a joke? Is it somehow part of the comedy routine that was going on? Sadly, no. The service didn't get any better. The food was lousy. Thankfully the standup was great. Lisa, Lisa and Matt all put on a hilarious show. Will I ever go back? Don't know. It took us an hour and a half to drive the 16 miles to get there, thanks to traffic. I do know that if we do it again, we will leave the house much earlier and eat somewhere else. The two drink minimum works at the improv because you will not get your waitress to your table more than that to order more drinks. In case you're interested, I am a chef who has been in the service industry for more than 30 years and worked every position possible in restaurants and bars. So, yes, I do have a preconceived notion as to how service and food should be. Even on Valentine's Day.
I went here for the first time the other night and had a great time!  The comedian was hilarious and it was a great intimate setting for a fun night out with friends!  My only complaint was that it was a little pricey for the overall experience because not only do you need to buy a ticket, but every person needs to buy 2 items of food/drink and the drinks aren't cheap (around $10-12).  However, I would definitely go back sometime!
Wast there last Friday. Seats right in front if the stage. The show was good. The headliner, while a bit long, was good. Fantastic service from our waitresses. Will definitely go back.
So...we got here and seated by 635pm. Orders placed. Drinks served. Now it is 752pm. One of my party has still not received his chicken sandwich. I had\nMy shrimp diablo. It was as described. Spicy and good!!! But hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable. We also sent an order of chicken fingers back...dryer than sand. And my fianc\u00e9s chicken Caesar salad chicken was as dry as the chicken fingers. Barely edible, in fact, she didn't eat more than 3 pieces of it. Upgrade the food service and this place would be somewhat a lil better.
Probably the most comprehensive supermarket in the county, if not all of southwestern PA. Its selection is considerably larger than what you can find in most Giant Eagles, and it has more upscale items. I live an easy walk from the Swissvale Giant Eagle, but I often drive to this location for the superior selection.
As far as GE's go, this location is great. It has basically everything you need and is well organized. You can find a lot of ethnic ingredients you can't get at other GE stores. They also offer a wine kiosk, hot bar, salad bar, and bulk olives. I would venture to say this is better than the market district.
Waterfront Geagle is my primary market. Now that they've expanded and reorganized, I rarely even have to set foot in Target anymore. Yippie! There's a wine kiosk (suck it PA liquor laws), you can buy crazy expensive 6 packs, cheese market, bakery, salad and hot bar, butcher, florist, dry cleaners, international foods, pharmacy, and a little cosmetics/beauty/bath area. They usually have a sufficient number of lanes open, and it doesn't get nearly as crowded as Market District. I do wish a bulk spice selection was included as part of the expansion, but you can't always get what you want, I suppose.
This review is specifically for the DFS cleaners at this Giant Eagle location.  I dropped clothing off for the sake of convenience once (I really should have known better).  Never again.  My items came back completely covered in lint.  I could let this slide, however my pencil skirt was safety pinned to the hanger.  The weight of the skirt caused even larger holes than what were placed there by the pins.  Being that it's a pencil skirt designed to have a blouse tucked in, there's no way that I can wear it again.  This was an expensive skirt, completely ruined.  Very disappointed.  Again, this review is just for the dry cleaners.  The rest of the store is actually better than a lot of other GE's I've been to in Pittsburgh.  Just don't take your dry cleaning here.
Just about every you need.\n\nWith great hours, a solid hot bar, sushi (if you're into that),  a dry cleaning service, pharmacy, tons of produce, bakery and butchers counter you can't go wrong. Two things that drive me crazy always needing to use my perks card for self check out and the lack of hand carts in the front. I always have to walk to a lane and hunt for a basket then double back, super annoying. \n\nThat said its a small, and easily repairable (hint) issue that shouldn't keep you from visiting.
Barnes & Noble, it's like the Wal-Mart of bookstores.  Beating down the competition of other now defunct national competitors and mom and pop type stores alike.  \n\nI'm not quite sure whether I'm in a cafe, at a newspaper stand, a book store, a CD shop, a movie house or a flea market sometimes.  With all the tables and shelves that  you have to dodge it's a bit hard to figure it out.  Feels like the place should implode on itself and then reform into an audio book about coffee.\n\nI don't know about y'all, but I'd rather buy my books from a place that has more knowledge about the merchandise they are selling than a national chain like this.
I stopped here yesterday with Rob and Matt after golf to have a few drinks prior to seeing \""The Hangover\"" at Loews across the street.  Incidentally, \""The Hangover\"" is one of the funniest movies I've seen in years and worth the $10 to see it in the theater.  Okay, back to the restaurant the space itself is very nice.  There are plenty of hightops, plasmas and a few booths.  It's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows.  We sat at the bar and were greeted relatively quickly by the bartender who was tending a pretty much empty bar.  I ordered a guinness as usual, Rob ordered a long island iced tea and Matt had a miller light.  Make sure and tell them if you want a top shelf tea else you'll be getting the stuff in the plastic bottles.  I sampled Rob's long island tea and it was not that good way too much sours.  The next one he ordered was much better after a little guidance to the bartender.  The bartender herself was okay, not too friendly but quick enough with the pours.  I don't remember her name which is usually not a good sign.  We ordered a few things from the appetizer menu.  We started with the chips and salsa.  The chips were crisp enough, but not served warm and the salsa had some spice but the colors were a little off kind of looked like the color of pea soup.  Rob then ordered the philly cheese steak sliders.  I tried one it was okay I guess  the bun was warm and it was pretty loaded with cheese and onions.  He asked for a side of mayo and they said they were out, which is bizarre because there is a giant eagle a couple blocks away.  This pretty much sums up my experiences at the Bar Louie's I've been too.  They kind of do just enough for me to come back but rarely make any real effort with service.  Maybe I'm being too critical... I tried to order the baked goat cheese, but they were out... So, I settled on the hummus appetizer.  This was surprisingly pretty good.  The pita was warm and toasted the hummus had lots of flavor and the tabouleh was edible.  It's probably best to stick to simple stuff when dining here.  Matt had the hot wings which I tried one and it was okay, your pretty standard mass produced chicken wing.  All in all this place isn't that bad.  If you want to grab a drink before or after the movie and you're more concerned with convenience than necessarily friendly service and really good food than you could do worse.
Fantastic food.\n This place is mainly a \""bar\"" and does get crowded but I really like the pizza here.  In fact I've never had a bad meal.  The staff are ussually very helpful but it does get a bit loud inside when crowded.
The words \""epic fail\"" get thrown around a lot these days....but I really feel like they apply in this situation.\n\nWe went on Friday, April 2 and arrived at 5:10pm.  It was busy, but not crowded....no waiting for a table.  Half price apps and drinks -- we ordered at 5:20.\n\nThe food (just appetizers, mind you...) didn't arrive till almost 6pm.  Drinks were ordered and were unbelievably slow.  We placed one order for 6 draft beers at 6:15...they arrived at 6:52.  *37 minutes for beer.*\n\nBy 7:00, we were canceling food orders which we'd given up on after waiting almost an hour.  We just wanted to leave.\n\nInstead of comping anything, they added 18% gratuity to each of our bills.  Uhhhh yeah.  Thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back.   We finally were able to leave around 7:30.\n\nBar Louie:  You are dead to me.
I had the EXACT same experience as John R. Went here to get a quick bite to eat before seeing a movie across the street. The place was near empty and there were three waitresses. Got seated and waited on immediately. Ordered drinks, and it took them 15 minutes to come...no, not alcoholic drinks, two waters and an iced tea. This should have been a bad sign, but at this point we ordered food.\n\n20 minutes go by...we flag down our waitress, to let her know that we need to get to a movie in 45 minutes. She said our food would be out in a few minutes. Another 20 minutes, still no food, and our waitress is nowhere to be seen. We flag down another waitress, she says she will find our waitress, who we then notice is chatting with one of the other waitresses. She finishes her conversation and finally makes her way over to our table about five minutes later. She says she didn't even realize our food hadn't arrived (well, you never even checked on us, so of course you didn't). After speaking with the kitchen staff, she informs us that she \""definitely\"" put our order in so it \""must have been given to someone else by mistake.\"" Because they wouldn't have noticed that that WASN'T what they ordered? Seriously?\n\nThe waitress told us she could give us our food for take out and, since we were starving, we reluctantly agreed. 10 minutes later, our food and the bill arrived. All that was comped was the iced tea, and we got some free utensils and wetnaps. How generous! We shovelled what we could into our mouths, did NOT leave a tip (thankfully, we didn't have the added gratuity that John had), and sprinted to our movie where we covertly finished our smuggled food. Worst part? I opened the wetnap, and it was totally dry. Of course.\n\nHowever, I gave this place two stars instead of one. That's because my food, when I finally got it, was perfect. I had the Greek burger and it was huge, cooked exactly how I like it, with delicious toppings. I really wish I could come back here for the food but...hell no.
Let me just say that this used to be a place I loved.\n\nRemember when you'd go somewhere and have good food, great service and a general pleasant experience and then a few months you'd go back and have it all again? Well one day you decide to go back and you realized everything has changed in a way that you can't describe and the place is no longer familiar. To me, that is Bar Louie\n\nI can't say the food is bad. I had an order of the pretzel sticks for an appetizer and the cinnamon sauce tasted like water and the pretzels were stale. I will say I still ate them so shame on me. My  sandwich (the Mario) as always was very good.\n\nNow here comes the bad:\n\n1. There were fruit flies EVERYWHERE. I felt like we were eating on top of a garbage dump. At one point I had to get a new drink because one flew in my beer. I understand that the establishment is an indoor/outdoor place but there is no reason for 15 fruit flies to hover over my table.\n\n2. The place is enormous and they had one, very nice, but over worked server. The girl looked like she was about to have a heart attack because she never stopped moving.\n\n3. Because of number two our service in general was not good. I can't totally blame the girl she did the best we could. I mean. I've played Diner Dash on my iPad, I know what happens when a place fills up too quickly when you are the only one working.\n\nIt's sad when a place you love turns into a place you never want to go again. I think I'm being very generous by giving it two stars but because I used to love it so much I can't rate it that low. Part of me hopes it gets better, but like an absentee father it'll just let me down again.
We were going to see a movie that started at 9:40pm. The 2 of us got to Bar Louie at 8:30.  We sat outside, and it was nearly 30 minutes before the waiter even stopped to get our order.  I tried stopping a waitress but was told 'this isn't my table'.  Finally the waiter took our order.  1 Sam Adams light bottle, and one Pineapple Juice+Vodka.  After about 15minutes another waiter (maybe the manager I don't know) asked if we had been waited on. We said yes, and told him we had been waiting.  He left, and another (different) waitress came to bring us our drinks.. they were wrong.. My date was given vodka on the rocks. and I was given a Sam Adams.. \nThey took these back, and another 10 minutes before the correct order was served.. We told them to bring another round and the check.  It was 20 minutes before they returned.. and they forgot the check.\n\nBy this time we had to go to be on time for the movie.. my date asked for the check again so we could leave.. finally they brought it and I gave him my card, when he came back we signed it and left in a hurry to catch the movie.\n\nfor 2 bottle beers, and 2 pineapple juice + vodka I was charged $31.03. I didn't have time to complain or ask. I won't be going back.
When the ratio to wait staff to diners is 3:1 you'd think you could get service!!!\n\nNothing erks me more then seeing idol wait staff and hungry patrons. I very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first. I came here on Saturday ay 6pm. Almost none of the diners had food on their table and many of them didn't have drinks in the 15 minutes I was there I counted 9 waitress again I counted 9 waitresses and not a one of them came over to our table to get even a drink order. Just from the looks of it I could tell staying any longer would be a total train wreck. So after 15 minutes of waitress counting we left with empty bellies.
I was looking to get out of the apartment on a really nice, sunny day and we decided to drive to Waterfront and walk around. All around great day until we hit Bar Louie for some drinks and appetizers.\n\nI am giving it one star, though it deserves none, because our waitress was nice, if a bit inattentive, and the hummus app we ordered was pretty damn good. Outside of that Bar Louie leaves a lot to be desired.\n\nThis is probably the first place I've been to where they charge $10 and up for all mixed drinks. To me, that is beyond ridiculous. Bar Louie is not an upscale restaurant, as much as they wish they were, and paying almost $60 for three drinks and two appetizers is insanity defined. \n\nAs I mentioned the waitress was friendly, but she definitely did not come back and check on us enough. I really wanted to like this place because of things I had heard and the drinks we had were really damn good, but if it want to spend that kind of money, I'll go somewhere that I can get good service.
I came here last night to get a few appetizers before a movie, and was hoping to be able to write a review on the food. Unfortunately, I cannot because the service was so bad that I left before I had the chance to order. We found seats at the bar behind the taps. After sitting there for 5 minutes and not being acknowledged, we thought that they might not be able to see us, and so we moved to a different pair of seats in the middle of the bar, grabbing a few menus on the way so we would be ready to order. It was fairly busy, but it is not like there were people standing at the bar trying to get drinks - everyone was seated and I'm sure they face much busier times. We sat in our new seats for almost 15 minutes (I timed it - I am not exaggerating), and were not even acknowledged. You would at least think the bartender would acknowledge us and tell us he would be with us when he could, but despite staring him down almost the whole time, we could not even make eye contact. I hope this is a fluke but will probably not be back to find out.
The absolute worst service I have ever had at any bar or restaraunt.  And, in looking at other reviews, I am not the first.  There are many options at the Waterfront, and I would suggest you try any of them; but stay far away from this place!
haha only came here once for happy hour, but i am just pleased with the price. i guess coming from ny, anything would be better price wise. $3 for draft and a big selection of beers so good times. also it's right across the theater so it's a good place to go and chill before the movie starts.. which is exactly what i did haha.
This is one of those places where the presentation is nice, but the taste is too ordinary. Friends and I went here for happy hour (starting at 5pm). They claimed to have $1 draft, $5 mixed drinks, and half off appetizers. When we got there, we realized the happy hour special only applies to certain items, so pretty much the discount was pointless. We ended up spending a fortune on beer and mediocre appetizers. \n\nI only had appetizers here so I can't really judge them for their entr\u00e9es, but I will rate according to my eating/drinking experience.  I got the spinach artichoke dip. It was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing. For a dip, it had way too many obstacles built in to it. I don't know what they did with the artichoke, but it was super fibrous...I felt like I was chewing grass. \n\nOverall, I would not recommend this place unless you have money to make it rain. Food was way too average for the high price.
Servers are chatting, not paying attention to tables. I can see my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever.
Meh, I just don't see the appeal Bar Louis has to Pittsburghers. I guess this particular restaurant benefits from people who work at the Waterfront stopping in after a shift. It's always packed. Being so close to the AMC theater, they get traffic before and after movies. \n\nIt's expensive, the food is so so. Before I get ahead of myself, I had the BBQ ranch chicken salad without chicken. The BBQ ranch dressing was very good, but it's very easy to duplicate at home. It's equal parts ranch dressing and KC Masterpiece hickory BBQ sauce and a drop or two of Worcestershire and a drop of franks hot sauce. \n\nTuesday is dollar burgers 5 until midnight, daily drink and happy hour selections, but even that's not enough to get me here. Skip it. One caveat for this location, free parking. At Station Square's location you gotta pay to park the jalopy.\n\nI'm eager to see if this place sees a huge drop in business when Burgatory opens across the street.
I am normally a Bar Louie Fan - my husband and I LOVE the one in Tampa.  This location needs a lot of work.  We went on a Friday evening before a show at the Improv.  We were looking to meet up with friends and have drinks and a quick bite to eat.  We never got to the food part because of the level of service that we received.  We got there at about 6:40/6:45 so Happy Hour was wrapping up, but I would say that the bar was not even 3/4 full.  There were also plenty of empty tables.  This should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction.  But we grabbed a table.  I am not a clock watcher, so I am not sure how long it took us to get a server but it was at least 5-7 minutes.  Then we got our drinks at 7:04.  The only reason that I know is because I was looking at my phone because my husband and I wanted to get some apps ordered before the end of Happy Hour.  That went out the window.  When our friends for there; they ordered drinks.  We finished them and left.  The server was nice, that is not the issue.  The issue was how GROSSLY UNDERSTAFFED they were.  They had two bartenders on (I think) and not nearly enough cocktail servers.  The server apologized for the wait on the drinks, but explained it away with \""this happens at the end of happy hour because the bar get swamped\"".  That is a sign that you need more staff.  I have never had this happen at any other bar before.  Get more staff.  We ended up passing up on food because we were worried about time, not the fact that we did not get HH pricing.  Even though, in my opinion, they should have honored HH pricing since we were ready to order food at 7:50/7:55.  We ended up going to the Improv and got food there.  Bar Louie lost a great deal of my money because their lack of staffing and they will never get our Pittsburgh business again or our friends who live there.
We stopped here to enjoy a drink before our movie. Our server, was friendly. My husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me.\nBoth drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol.  After I finished my drink, I used my fork to dig for the blackberries at the bottom only to find (to my disgust), a decent sized piece of clear saran wrap! Ugg! Did they muddle the mint into the saran wrap?!!! She comped the drink but we won't be back.\nCan't speak about the food since we didn't have any but atmosphere was loud and it was difficult to have a conversation without repeating yourself.
I can't even review this place. We sat ourselves and waited for a waitress to take our order, and we waited and waited until we got tired and just left. And I have to be clear it was a Saturday afternoon, maybe like 10 tables with people at them and I saw 3 waitress walking around. I think it's probably a bad idea to ignore people that come into your restaurant, especially since burgatory just opened across the street.
The food was okay. The noise level--with 10 people in a huge room--deafening. Awful acoustics!
Food is Shitty probably would be good if they had a cook that knew how to cook it correctly.  Staff is ok no complaints drinks are good as well
Eh, this place was okay but it was sort of a weird crowd/overall experience for a Saturday night.\n\nBobby and I came here after dinner and sat up at the bar. Tip: if you sit behind the taps, no one will bother to acknowledge you exist. When we moved seats, we were finally asked what we would like to drink after waiting for 5+ minutes in our original seats. It wasn't all that busy, either. Most of the people sitting at the bar were a bit older than we were. It seems that Bar Louie is trying too hard to be trendy with the decor/neon blue lighting/extensive martini list. Maybe I'm just salty about the wait.
Really the only thing good about this place is the happy hour. No one wants to pay $8 for a glass of wine that is a short pour and bottom quality.
I don't frequent Bar Louie, and I really don't plan to change that any time soon. I've eaten here and stopped in for drinks a couple times over the years and I just haven't been super impressed by the place.\n\nThe food has been decent - a few years back I splurged on an enormous fried chicken sandwich and definitely enjoyed it, glutton that I am - but their meals and appetizers alike have admittedly never \""wowed\"" me. And while I enjoy their cocktails and would consider stopping in just for drinks more often, the problem is that things are way overpriced here. Even during the happy hour drinks are pretty costly, not to mention that I think most of the drinks I personally like don't qualify for the happy hour discount, which is disappointing. Once I stopped in with friends after a movie and one drink cost me $10 here. Not even a large one, either! Sorry, but I find that to be kind of ridiculous, especially since there's cheaper places to get drinks in the area.\n\nStill, the food and drinks are definitely a-ok albeit overpriced, so this place would be rated 3 stars in my mind IF I could hear myself think when I eat here. But good Lord, they're just so loud! I always leave with a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard. Not cool, Bar Louie. Not cool.\n\nSo while the food and drinks are fine enough the loud venue and prices mean that this is definitely not one of my favorite places - and given the other options we have at the Waterfront I don't expect to be back in any time soon.
The evites are in the mail for the 2 for $99 special! You will have to spend $24 on a parking pass. I signed up last year for this promotion and don't think I got the passes worth. \n\nThe waterpark is nice and lounging by the pool or floating around the lazy river is perfect for a hot summer day. There are just too many misses in my book though.\n\n1st off all Traffic is a biatch! Be ready to sit on browns hill rd for a very long time unless you leave before 9am and wait for the park to open at 10am. \n\nNext remember it is a family park so there will be lots of rude and bratty kids all over the place. (I'm not a mean kid hater) my experiences have been bad at the Sandbar pool. \n\nIf you do arrive early enough you will be standing in the hot sun with a gang of kids that WILL push you out of the way and run to claim 10 chairs with towels even though they won't use them because they run around the park all day. I actually got into an argument last summer with one said kid. I was like \""I'm an adult and you need to have some respect.\"" He pushed me and took all the chairs. I only needed one and his mother did not correct him. I was on fire and moved a chair over from the back and he still was giving me crap because I moved the chairs over...THAT NO ONE was even there to sit in at the time. Damn! FOR REAL!\n\nSandbar drinks are expensive and incredibly weak. Plus they are so sugary. If you do get a frozen drink and sit by the pool be prepared for it to be half pool water in a few minutes. An Adult area would change all this. I don't even care that I'm getting splashed all the time I do realize that I'm at a pool but it's hard to relax.\n\nIf you do get a pass have a friend who can get there the same days you can go. If you're trying to go on the weekend forget it! The weekdays are bad enough. I'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer.
It's fun, but not as fun as Kennywood. The boardwalk food is a bit too far from the wave pool and that makes for a lot of shoes on/shoes off events. The lazy river could be much better. I did like the water slides and the Potato Patch fries, as well as the scenic location.
So the last time I went to a water park was probably when I was in elementary school and didn't really know how to swim (... I still kinda don't. lol). Anyway, it was in California at Raging Rivers and it was a traumatizing experience. Screaming & being tossed around in the pool that pushes periodic waves at the sound of a loud horn and ending up with scraped knees and feet. Not fun.\n\nSo to say the least, I was a bit nervous coming to this water park afraid to have another episode of feeling I was being drowned. Luckily that did not happen.\n\nI seriously had SO MUCH fun here! I honestly was only expecting to go on the Lazy River pool all day but with my bf, we hit up so many rides... tandem AND single rides! I feel like such a big girl now! Definitely lean back while you're on those single donuts on the water rides, or else you feel like you're going to flip over while swishing down the tubes. The new dragon ride they just opened up was okay. I was expecting it to be so much more fun, but literally you just slide down a dark tube into a circular room where you just slowly swirl your way down the middle hole and that was it. \n\nThere was this one ride where you slide down the tubes for a few seconds, then you land into a pool where a worker pushes you into another tube and this continues about 3 times. It was weird. Kinda awkward with the worker having to grab you and push you through. Although it was still fun. The last dude threw me in backwards! Scared the crap out of me but it was fun :)\n\nThe food here is surprisingly pretty affordable. Plus, who wants to eat a huge meal while in your swim suit. Me don't want no pot belly. \n\nOverall I had such a fun time here. It definitely made me rethink my fear of water parks. By the way, we went on a Saturday in early June and it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be! So the lines weren't long at all. Also, go to Giant Eagle to purchase your discounted tickets. You save a few bucks versus buying them at the water park. Oh and don't forget to bring sandals while walking around. Your feet will literally feel like they're burning from the ground. Now go off and have some fun! :)
Dont waste your time with this place.  Long lines, overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait. Half the \""rides\"" were shut down. You're better off with a garden hose. Save your money or buddy up to someone with a pool.
Sandcastle Water Park in P-Burgh was just \""okay\"" for me. I really think that this place is geared towards children more so than adults or \""family\"" because there isn't much fun here for people older than 16. The water slides here were lacking. There were very few of them and the majority of them are boring. The last time I was there (not too long ago) there weren't any extremely modern slides like a tornado slide, so they really have some updating to do. \n\nThey do have an \""adult pool\"" and bar area but it was so packed that it was hard to actually have fun in this area. The pool is very small, similar to one you'd find at a hotel chain. It has a hot tub area but it sits about 8 adults max. and people were fighting tooth and nail to get in. It wasn't too impressive to me. \n\nThey also have a lazy river at this park and, while I do enjoy lazy rivers, this one was so packed that it was hard to breathe. People kept bumping into me and touching me and it made me grossed out. \n\nThe one attraction that I did enjoy was the wave pool. It was crowded as well but large enough to fit everybody comfortably. The water was nice and clean (a big plus) and the wave action was strong. I could have stayed in there for the entire time we were at the park.\n\nOverall, this place is just mediocre. It doesn't \""wow\"" me very much but if you live in the area, have kids, and are looking for somewhere to go in the summer other than the mall, it'll provide them with a lot of fun.
For some reason, I had a tremendous amount of anxiety about buying a new mattress. Maybe I was just self-conscious about rolling around on a bunch of beds in a public place. \n\nABD Mattress quickly alleviated any idiotic fears I may have had. The store was empty when I arrived on a Monday afternoon and I was attended to immediately and never felt pressured. ABD has a great selection of mattresses, and the prices cannot be beat. I picked up a full plush pillow-top mattress for a cool $375 (without a box spring or a frame, since I already had one). Better yet? Delivery is free AND prompt. You pick a three-hour timeframe, and the store will call you on the day of delivery to narrow it to a one-hour slot so you're not sitting around all afternoon.
After reading glowing reviews on Yelp, I decided to try this service to pick up my 83 year old mother and take her to the airport. Service was great. Driver was very courteous and on time. We used them to pick her up at the airport and are equally happy. The driver even carried her suitcases upstairs to her apartment.
Fabulous service all around. My husband was coming in on a redeye flight from San Diego around 9am on Saturday morning, and just before midnight on Friday, I realized I wasn't going to be able to pick him up. I called First Class Limousine Service around 12:30am and was pleasantly surprised that someone picked up. I ended up speaking to Dave, the owner, and he was able to accommodate my last-minute request. \n\nMy husband initially went to the wrong meeting place (on account of his sleep deprivation :) so the company called me asap when he didn't show up right away--I reminded hubby about the correct meeting spot and all went well after that. He was very happy with the service and the price. I'd definitely use this company again for rides to and from the airport! Thanks everyone!
Other people may have had a better experience with this company but that was not the case for us.  We had rented a limo/bus for a bachelor party.  Our driver Scott, was completely clueless in navigating the city. Constantly making wrong turns and missing exits. All of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go. Each destination took 3-4 times longer to reach due to his incompetence. This caused us to have to skip a couple of our originally planned stops. After returning to the bus after one of our stops we were informed by Scott that the police had come onto the bus and searched it with dogs. Really?!??!  Why??!!  How??!!  We found that our bags had been rifled through and we all felt a little violated and confused. By this point we decided to call it a night. More than half of our passengers didn't care to step back onto the bus and took cabs home. \n\nJust when we thought the worst was over we were wrong. As we enter the highway we realize that Scott has driven all the way up the ramp and onto the highway going THE WRONG WAY!!!  He starts slowly reversing down the ramp while oncoming cars honk and swerve all around us!  Truly terrifying. After that, we were very upset and just wanted to get home. So after several more wrong turns we finally get home. Absolutely terrible night. \n\nSo if you'd like to book a party bus that will include a geographically blind driver, unecessary police involvement, a near death experience and just an overall sense of frustration mixed with panic then go with these guys. Otherwise, I would suggest staying far, far away!
The worse \""Chinese food\"", even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad.  Please don't eat this food.
Haven't been to TGIFridays for years and was never really a huge fan. I get tired of going to the same places all the time for lunch so we decided to try it out. I must say that I was very impressed with how extensive the menu was and all of the delicious options. I had the two for $10 lunch special with French onion soup and terriakyi glazed chicken strips. I was told that the broccoli soup is very thick so I opted for the French onion. It was okay but I think that I would get a salad instead of the soup next time. The chicken strips were wonderful and I am still craving them. The portion was huge and there were leftovers. My co-workers ordered the Jack Daniels Sampler and burgers and were jealous at the portion and choices from the pick two. The service was good and we had no issues. I will definitely be back.
This place.. Is ok if ur grabn something quick .. But they do have a great happy hour tho
Boo!  What happened to this location?  It used to be happy and fun!  It just feels depressing and nearly everyone there is just doing the bare minimum to get by?  So sad.
I'm not opposed to chain restaurants but this TGI Fridays in comparison to some of the other ones in the area truly falls short of the \""chain\"" expectation. \n\nI order the Jack Daniel's chicken and shrimp with just fries. The fries were undercooked and thrown haphazardly into the sauce holder. The shrimp was over cooked and just deepfried. The chicken was fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer. Even the water tasted weird.\n\nFortunately, we had a very nice and charismatic waiter and all of the staff was very friendly. \n\nI'd recommend the TGI Fridays out in South Hills Village over this one any day.
I had a gift card so I decided to use it for a to go order. The food tasted frozen and microwaved. Nothing special just around average!
Went with 5 others for a weeknight dinner. The server was very friendly, but seemed a little overwhelmed. Maybe they were short handed.  The food was to me not even average. I ordered a burger, which very overdone and dry. Had to drown it in mayo to get moisture in it.  My friend ordered nachos and what arrived looked like they had broken some taco shells down the middle, then put cheese and one jalape\u00f1o slice on each piece. Imagine 6 half-moons of taco shell.  Not like any nachos I've ever seen, and more importantly not even the way they were served the three prior times my friend had ordered them.
Good food.  \n\nI guess one reason I like this place is they don't hide how bad the food is for you. There is a little Kiosk with all the calories right by the door.  All in all I get the flat bread pizzas and really enjoy them\n\nThe steaks are also good and the price is reasonable.\n\nService is always friendly and the establishment is kept really clean and neat
I don't care what Cub and Bulls fans think, this Steeler and Penguins fan thinks deep dish pizza is not all that. First, the crust tastes like a biscuit, and biscuits belong nowhere near or on a pizza. I will give UNOs a thumbs up on it's flatbread, it's better pizza than some pizzerias In the area. When I look over uno's menu almost nothing excites me, this place is a dud. Guess what? Chicagoans don't know how to eat hot dogs either!
I really don't know why I bother with chain restaurants anymore.  Now that my palate has matured and I no longer think chicken fingers and french fries are gourmet cuisine, I really can't find anything to eat in a place like this.  \n\nMy husband and I were running errands at the Waterfront, and we needed to find a place for lunch.  We decided on Uno because pizza sounded good to us.  My husband is a meat lover, so I agreed to let him order us a meat-covered pizza.  To counteract this a little, I ordered a tomato mozzarella salad, so we'd at least have some vegetables in the mix.  \n\nWhen the salad arrived, it did NOT look like the picture.  The menu description is thus: \""chopped lettuce, roma tomatoes with basil and garlic, buffalo mozzarella, drizzled with balsamic syrup.\""  This description is accompanied by a bright, colorful picture of a salad with bright green lettuce, bright red tomatoes, and a delicate \""drizzling\"" of balsamic syrup.  It looks light and yummy.\n\nWhat we got, however, was soggy yellow and white iceberg lettuce, COMPLETELY DRENCHED in dressing, a total of four tiny pieces of tomato, and some cheese.  It was DISGUSTING.  There was so much dressing dripping off of this dish, it was more like a soup than a salad.  I suspect that the lettuce was so wilted and brown, they figured they could disguise it by completely soaking it in dressing.  Not only was it disgusting, but it cost us about $10.  $10 for complete inedible slop.  \n\nThe \""numero uno\"" pizza we got was nothing to write home about either.  It was ok... very mediocre.  The crust tasted like it was undercooked, and the sauce tasted like plain tomato sauce with no seasoning whatsoever.  I have been to Chicago many times, had real Chicago deep dish many times, and this just doesn't even come close to the real thing.  \n\nThe ONLY positive I give this restaurant is they have the kiosk in the front where you can look up the calorie count of the food right there.  It would be better if they'd actually print it on the menu, but they are still doing better than most restaurants in this effort.  They are making strides, too, with their whole grain crust options.  I'm sure there's still a lot of room for improvement, however.  If you're listening, Uno, please work on providing your customers with healthier food - not just healthy options like salads, but work on making the main dishes you serve better for your customers (low-fat cheese, low-sugar sauce, less sodium, etc.).   Their hearts will applaud you.  \n\nAnd lastly, why does every chain restaurant have to decorate with old signs?  Is there some sort of chain restaurant decorating requirement I don't know about?  It's baffling.
Awful everything. From the bad service, to the diluted soup, to the lame-no chicken on the chicken salad, to the PRE-fabricated pizza. AVOID THIS PLACE!
I really love deep dish pizza. The thick crust that is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The spicy, peppery sauce that can singe your tongue. The mixture of ingredients just sliding down your chin as it bubbles out of your mouth. That being said, I really don't understand why people go to Pizzeria Uno. This chain has done to the deep dish pizza what McDonald's has done to hamburgers, Pizza Hut has done to pan pizza, Dominoes has done to hand tossed pizza, and Taco Bell has done to Tex-Mex; it has made it almost unpalatable. On our menu:\n\nFrench onion\nChicken bites\nPizza with pepperoni, hamburger, and romano\n\nLooking past the fact that the service was not the best or the fact that the food came out undercooked and tepid in temperature, the food just was not good. Don't get me wrong, this is not the worst pizza I have ever eaten, but this chain is a perfect example of what happens when something becomes so prescribed, overhandled, and overthought that it no longer resembles the original piece of art that tasted so good. \n\nI really never want to return.
Food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side Ass mashed potatoes. Everything was ok not a lot of flavor.
Pizza ok on it's own nothing great . Definitely not worth the restaurant price.  definitely not like pizzeria UNO in Chicago. Are they even related   or are they just using their name and trademark.
The menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive. For 2 personal pizzas (the size of pizza hut) 2 beers and 2 salads, we paid over $50 bucks. The personal pizzas alone were $11 each... If you want pizza and beer go somewhere else-pasta appetizers, or sandwiches... this place is good.
Wham! 4 stars outta the park! The deep-dish pizza we had was amazing. I wasn't crazy about the avocado egg rolls, but the chocolate chip sundae was superb. Great service too from Maranda, a doll. Decor is cute. Ambience is lively. Recommended.
Well, it started well. Food was okay. Deep dish pizza was good. But the salad we had - too tiny portion!!!\nWe were greeted and seated well. But later the service was not all good. Bad bad service. First of all we had to ask for everything we wanted. The server didn't even had courtesy to ask if we wanted anything more or would like to go for deserts. She just handed over the check when we even didn't ask for it (we wanted to order more).\nLater when we talked about this in the front, the girl there also just listened and said \""okay\"", not even a sorry once!!!\nI would not like to go there again... :(
While visiting relatives in Somerset we decided to go shopping in the nearby town of Homestead.  My aunt insisted that we have lunch at Uno's Pizzeria & Grill as the food was delicious.  When we arrived I had to admit that I was impressed with the decor and atmosphere of the place.  It was fairly crowded for a weekday but we were seated in less than ten minutes.  The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu answering all our questions with ease.  I settled on a Turkey, Bacon and Avocado sandwich and old fashioned tomato soup after looking over the menu several times.  They have a variety of dishes guaranteed to please all ages.  The food arrived in no time and was DELICIOUS!  The portions were just right for lunch, I was definitely ready for an afternoon of shopping.  The four of us had items off the Two for U lunch menu, our bill was less than $30 which meant that I might could afford the shoes I wanted to buy!  My aunt was right, you cannot visit Homestead without stopping to eat at Uno Pizzeria & Grill, it is FANTASTIC!!
Nope!
Was very disappointed with the food. It was overcooked and not seasoned very well
Nice place but some of the items on the menu are not available unless you get a 2 for 12 but that's not what the online menu states. And it's a salad come on..
Interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already. I would normally not review a chain retail store, but the service I received today just really got my blood boiling.\n\nI will state, as I always do in these types of situations, that I have worked many years in retail. I know what you're supposed to do. I know the ways I've displayed exemplary service and I know the ways I've slacked off. I get it, I really do.\n\nSo I'm in the store early. Hardly any people in there. Weird for the Semi-Annual Sale time of year. Usually it doesn't matter what time you're there during the sale, it's always busy. \n\nI went through my usual bins and picked up a mess of undies and bras. Since no one was at the check out counter and I needed a spot to go through things, I set them down and started to try and chat with the sales chick. I actually always like to do this, just to shoot the breeze, but also to get their opinions on items I'm buying. \n\nThe girl behind the counter was having non of this though.I asked her about a bra and she said she didn't know about that one, but said it should work. I understand, you can't try them all. But the thing that really irked me was that she was definitely not hiding her annoyance at me setting down my things on the counter. I even looked back to make sure there were no people checking out behind me. Ghost town. Tumbleweed rolled by. No one.\n\nSo I'm going through my stuff and separating what I want and don't want and she's sighing and grabbing things saying \""Soooo, you DON'T want these???\"" Um, I'm not asking you to help me sort things. I'm not holding up a line. I'm just trying to not spend $$$ on an accidental XS pair of undies that got mixed in! \n\nAfter that, it's not exactly what she said, but how she acted. I have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before. I ended up grabbing my discards and putting them back myself (which I really don't mind doing, but after she huffed and puffed, I didn't even want to deal with her). \n\nThe thing is, I was nice the entire time. I don't expect you to sit there and be sugary sweet either. Just do what you were hired to do. Be nice and sell some bras. If you come to work in a bad mood, the real world is not going to give you a hug. Suck it up and do your job or work where you don't have to talk to anyone else ever.
When I lived in Los Angeles a year and a half ago, P F Chang's was no great shakes, one of millions of places with good but not outstanding stuff on the menu.\n\nHere in Pittsburgh, it's the only Chinese place I've found that combines genuinely good service with quality food.  Not, perhaps, as good as what you can get in LA's top places, but fantastic compared to its competition here.\n\nThe Kung Pao chicken is particularly good, with delicious fried chicken cubes and the usual hot sauce and chiles.  Chicken with lettuce wraps is good too.\n\nTheir fried noodle dish with chicken, whose name I have forgotten, is addictive but has an odd sauce I don't quite like.  Still, they get the friedness of the noodles right, and there are precious few ... ahem ... no other restaurants around here that do.\n\nPortions are small, so either plan to get an appetizer and an entree or expect to leave almost as hungry as you came.  The minced chicken in lettuce wraps appetizer is outstanding and you get about the same amount of food as in one of their entrees.\n\nIf you live in LA, forget P F Chang's.  If you live in NYC, I'm sure there are a dozen better places on a single block.  But here in Pittsburgh, it's just about the best place around.
I hate this place.\nIt's very loud, the service is very poor, and the food is so-so.\nIf you want good Chinese in Pittsburgh, try China Palace (Shadyside) or Sesame Inn (Station Square or North Hills).  They're quieter, with very good food & service.
REDO!\n\nI went to PF Chang's several years ago and was NOT pleased with the food that was presented to me.  \n\nMy issue: I thought I was getting Chinese food.  \n\nMy resolution: Try this restaurant again knowing that it is just reinvented American food with names of those Chinese dishes I actually like to eat.\n\nSo we returned to PF Chang's for lunch to try this American food in this caricature of a Chinese restaurant.  There were very few people in the restaurant.  The two of us were seated in the largest corner booth and left to review our menus.  When our waitress finally arrived we ordered the following items:\n\nCoca Cola\nIced Tea\nPan fried pork dumplings\nSesame chicken lunch with white rice and egg drop soup\nChangs chicken with white rice\n\nOur drinks and my soup came out immediately.  Unfortunately I was brought the wrong soup and the server had disappeared before I had a chance to say anything.  I could see her across the barren wasteland that was the dining room and we even made eye contact several times, but at no point could I get her to come back to my table.  I tried the soup and was disgusted with it and placed it at the end of the table.  I didn't know what it was and didn't want to know.  Almost ten minutes later she arrived quite happy with the job she was doing and asked how the food was.  I asked if she could bring out some egg drop soup. I didn't expect to get the stink-eye.\n\nMy egg drop soup was brought out with the dumplings as well as the caddy of different sauces and oils.  The server really wasn't that into the experience, but again gave me the stink-eye when I told her that mixing the sauces was unnecessary since I knew what each of them was and would be able to mix them myself.  I mixed the rice vinegar, chili oil, chili paste, and soy sauce (my guess is that it was supposed to be tamari) to create a dipping sauce for our dumplings. I took a bite of the soup and it was somewhat better than the other soup, but it was still brown.  I ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server.  It was thick and gooey and the flavor didn't wow.  I saw no reason to continue.  I moved on to the dumplings, which had an okay flavor to them.  The skins were a bit thick and doughy.  The meat on the inside did not balance this attribute at all.  The sauce tasted a little odd so I tried to remix and it was still off.  I tried the components individually and found that some of them were either old, stale, or rancid.  We finished our dumplings.\n\nOur lunch entrees arrived.  I had ordered mine extra-spicy, but I guess it came Pittsburgh Hot (super mild) and had a lackluster flavor at best.  The meat was tough and the sauce tasted of soy sauce more than anything else.  I tried some of Chang's chicken and was equally mollified.  This was supposed to be their version of General Tso's Chicken.  Now I have never had a General's chicken that was the same at any place.  It is always different.  Many of them are good in different ways.  This food, though, it wasn't good.  Chang's chicken fell into the same category as the Sesame Chicken -- since it tasted mainly of soy sauce -- with the addition sugar.  \n\nI just don't understand how anyone can like this place.  Even the Yoshida Sauce you get at Sam's/Costco tastes better.
Honestly, I'm furious. I enjoyed PF Chang's restaurants in the Chicago area, and my wife and I have eaten a few times at this Pittsburgh-area location. Over the last year, we have tried repeatedly, but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable. We tried going early, late -- it never made any difference. The front staff was rude, and the wait was too long.\n\nTonight, we had a special date planned, and made reservations a week in advance. We came in the door exactly on time, waited in the line to see the front staff, and we were promptly handed a pager. They couldn't tell us when we would be seated.\n\nI imagined a short wait, so we went outside, crossed into a store to wait (since the entrance of this location is so packed, it's impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating).\n\nAfter 20 minutes we gave up. We went back to PF Chang's and the front office staff still couldn't tell us when we would be seated. I saw open tables.\n\nWhat on earth is the point of accepting reservations if you do not honor them?\n\nThe food here is good, but certainly not great. We went to a local Thai place and were seated with no problem in 5 minutes. The food was much better, the service was good even in a crowded busy restaurant. Oh, and the local place was a much more reasonable price.\n\nWe certainly will never visit PF Chang's again.
Sadly I've been here a few times because it's a crowd pleaser when my girlfriend's parents come down to visit. There's nothing really WRONG with it. The portions are big and the food is \""alright\"" and the interior gives you the superficial impression that you're encountering fine dining.\n\nThe food is sooooo bland though. Everything you get at P.F. Chang's you can get elsewhere in Pittsburgh at a much lower cost and it'll be made with more precision and have better flavor. The honey chicken at P.F. Chang's was so mediocre all I could think about while eating it was heading over to Wai Wai in Bloomfield and getting a tastier order of it for 8 bucks.\n\nLast time we were there the server was horrendous as well. I don't think I've ever felt as awkward at a restaurant. He brought my girlfriend's father (Don) his unsweetened tea then told him he didn't bring sugar because he asked for it sweetened and then did not understand the concept of sweetening it yourself. He then got all huffy when Don kept asking for it and actually seemed angry at us. When he came back to take our order Don ordered for himself and his wife and before Janey (my girlfriend) and I could order he had already started to walk away. We actually had to yell out to get him to come back and finish our order. (not in an uncivilized or malicious way, either) After that he must have thought we were terrible diners (I don't think I've ever been impolite to someone who is currently at work, or ANYONE for that matter) and he showed it by being silent and plopping things down in a passive aggressive way. It was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died.\n\nObviously the attitude of one idiot who can't hide his bad day well doesn't really have anything to do with the restaurant. But it's soooooo bland! Go somewhere else for Chinese! Look up Chinese on Urbanspoon and it'll give you a variety of good, local places to choose from at half the price.
My vegan friend, Deb, turned me onto the fact that one can dine at PF Chang's and stay on a vegan diet.\n\nVegan friend Deb (VFD) asked the waitress if they could prepare a version of the famous chicken and lettuce wraps. The waitress without hesitation proclaimed they always had a vegan version, but it was never put on the menu.\nWarning: even though it's vegan, it still contains the same amount of salt that was reported on all the news channels when the salt, fat, and cholesterol police made the sodium content available to the public. The vegan version is just as delicious and the chicken.\n\nThey also have vegan dishes like string beans and garlic, eggplant and garlic, and a few dishes with tofu and vegetables.\n\nI always loved the fact PF Chang's offered brown rice. That nutty flavor goes so well with their meals.\n\nThe service staff at Chang's is always top shelf, I've never had a bad time here and love when we go.
So I have never been to P.F. Chang's before since I'm Chinese and I'm not a huge fan of eating at Chinese/American restaurants when I can eat delicious authentic Chinese food at home (courtesy of my momma). My boyfriend and I were at Dave & Busters and weren't in the mood for American food, which was what we were all surrounded by so I decided to give P.F. Chang's a try. \n\nWe came on a Saturday night without reservations, so we had to wait 45min :( Luckily time went by fast while I was on my phone looking at the Yelp reviews for this place. When we were seated, we ordered immediately and our server was very friendly. We got the salt and pepper calamari as an appetizer and then the Dan Dan noodles and Shanghai shrimp with garlic sauce. The food came out quick which was a huge plus considering how busy they were. The calamari was okay. I felt like the strips were cut too thin and we should have received more. The Dan Dan noodles were actually very delicious and flavorful. I really enjoyed them and definitely recommend them. The shrimp was cooked well and was also good. Overall I was happy with my first time experience here and would consider coming back if I'm ever in the mood for Chinese/American food.
The service was lackluster. Coffee was warm but delicious. Limited to one cup, apparently, as the waitress never offered a second.\n\nDaughter had sweet and sour shrimp. Wife had spicy chicken. I had wonton soup. Dumplings as an appetizer for the table. All arrived warm. The brown rice was dry as sand and the white rice was delayed by rice cooker problems. Also dry as sand. I guess that is how they serve it.\n\nThe base flavors for the shrimp and chicken were nearly identical. I had expected them to be more diverse. \n\nIn all, expectations were not met for what is advertised as upscale. I'd rather have the local Chinese cuisine which more flavorful, and much less expensive.
This was my first time at this PF Chang's and I was not impressed. The service was extremely slow even though it was a Sunday night and the restaurant was not very busy. The portions were small. \n\nThey were also playing 5 year old pop music really loud. Pop music?! Come on--this is an \""Asian Bistro.\""
I really enjoyed my Mongolian beef and pork pot stickers, but \nThere was NO presentation of pfc mixing sauces. \nOne of the things that sets pfc apart from the run of the mill Non franchise is PRESENTATION and experience.  I was extremely disappointed by the LACK of presentation. \n\nReservations:\nOur party arrived about 15 minutes before our 5:30 reservations.\n\nAt 6:11 we were informed our reserved table had been given to another party . Obviously someone dropped the ball here.....\n\nWhen we requested silverware for the table. Our waitress blamed it on the hostess. Yes, theHostess should have provided silverware.. However It was unprofessional of our waitress to pass buck. As a Patron I could care less who's fault it is; just $@&&@in fix it. Defiantly took away from my pfc experience.\n\nMy Hot and sour soup is usally served with\""noodley\"" things that I drop in the soup. We weren't given any \""noodley \"" things . Not trying to be a jerk but all things being equal the pfc isn't selling food as much as they are selling an experience. This experience is what sets this restaurant apart.
Let me start by saying that I do like their food. \n\nLast night I went with my wife and two guests. The apps came out fast and were fantastic. Dinner on the other hand, didn't come out quickly at all. The rice was undercooked, and we told our server. He set the rice on the empty table next to us and forgot to bring a new order. By the time I was almost finished with my meal, another server came over and they brought back another bowl of crunchy white rice.\n(is that the way rice is prepared now?)\n\nI ordered the chocolate cake. I asked for a container to take half home. The server brought out a small container and when I asked for a larger one, she said we can just squeeze it in there, and started to flatten the cake. She then realized that a larger one would be better.\n\n4 people, not crowded...2 hours total.
I've always liked PF Chang's and, generally speaking, this location is pretty good. I typically opt to sit at the bar, where the service has always been extremely personable and fast.\n\nThe food is typical PF Chang's: delicious. As one of the chains that provides their nutritional information, it's also nice to know that I can go there and eat somewhat healthy (I'm all about the orange peel shrimp and steamed shrimp dumplings). While some complain about the portion sizes being too small, I've always felt like they were perfect. I do understand how someone looking at a $15 plate of \""Chinese\"" food could wonder why he or she is paying more for less than your standard Chinese restaurant, but it's never bothered me. Most of the meals are consistently good, freshly prepared, and full of flavor. Plus, the sauce that your waiter/waitress makes for you is always a nice addition to any meal. I've tried most of the apps, soups, and quite a few of their entr\u00e9es and have never been disappointed.\n\nI've only had one negative experience at this location in the countless times that I've gone, and it revolved around service in the main dining area. I was there for lunch, and the waitress essentially disappeared. I'm not sure if she had been fired, quit, or what, but she took the order and was never seen again. After sitting there for what seemed like an eternity with empty drinks, etc., I finally had to ask if someone else was going to be our server. I had never experienced something like that, but I received free food vouchers for a future visit, and luckily I wasn't in a rush that day, so it worked out. The experience would've made me give the location a worse rating, but one bad experience hasn't outweighed the countless positives: good meals, solid service (especially at the bar), and great takeout service for large orders and smaller ones.\n\nThe only other knock on this location - and it applies to every PF Chang's I've been to - is the insane wait that you'll encounter at dinner time. My wife and I would actually go there more often if we didn't have to wait forever for a table. I love PF Chang's, but I hate waiting more. If you live close enough, get curbside pick-up, or just find somewhere else. I've yet to meet a restaurant worth a 2-hour wait. PF Chang's, included.
ok so i've eaten here more than once but just thought to write a review on it. now, i'll be honest this is the only one i've ever been to, so i don't know if they're all the same but every time i'm underwhelmed. i get there, look at their giant selection and get excited. then i get my meal and remember that i've never had anything too great. don't get me wrong, it's not bad, but for how much they charge, they really need to step it up or at least give me a huge portion. just saying...
If you look at other reviews you will see that I am a very positive person, but tonight was an utter disaster!!  We sat at the bar and the female bartender  was miserable. We ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did.  She spent 20 minutes sending text messages and took 3 smoke brakes in one hour while our drinks were empty. We ordered appetizers and they never came out.  She actually brought us our check and we never got our food. By the way we were the only people at the bar.  Finally a bus boy brought us our food after we payed. We payed before our food came because we thought our table was ready. We finally got seated by the windows. Do not sit by the windows because it was very cold. We ordered our dinner and drinks and guess what no drinks. After our food came we asked about our drinks and the waiter said he forgot. Nothing was comped and no manager was available. This PF Changs needs new management!! We will never return. I will give it 2 stars because the food was great, but the employees are absolutely miserably from hostess to waiters to bartenders. Steer clear until changes are made. It's not worth the headache.
Rude unwelcoming short haired black hostess. Drinks were not good. Greasy spring  rolls \n\nBelow par on every way.  No experience needed to work here
Walked in tonight, Wednesday, at 9:50, the place was empty. Asked for a table, the hostess told us one moment when she finds one for us, then proceeded to walk to a dirty table and clean it!  The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door. When she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again!!  Didn't say a word to us. Unbelievable!  Will not be back there-- rude hostess!
I seriously don't know why people love this place so much, the food here is horrible. The rice is never cooked properly.. And it's not even Asian food. It's fake asian food. I never come here anymore.
Once you go Pei Wei, you never go.... PF Chang's (if you can help it). \n\nPei Wei is Chang's super convenient and cost friendly fast casual eatery that started infiltrating the Detroit market in 2007. Subsequently, that was the last time I stepped into a PF Changs until I recently moved back to Pittsburgh. Going from a Pei Wei to a PF Chang's is like watching paint dry or sitting in rush hour traffic or attending a WNBA game; it's so methodical and time consuming.\n\nOn our last visit to this location we were accidentally sat in a section in which the server had been cut from his/her shift. By the time we flagged down a server and everything was sorted out, we could have been halfway through our meals at Pei Wei.  Add in the wait time for a table, the sauces shtick, and presentation of the check and my head's about to explode. Chang's is more paced for retires and people on dates, not my lifestyle. I get it, it's a me problem.\n\nWith that said, the staff is very nice and helpful at this location (star). \nI can get a beer or alcoholic beverage while I wait (something that's not an option at Pei Wei) (star).\nPlymouth Gin is stocked behind the bar - that's a chain first! (star).\nI found a dish I love not available at Pei Wei - Salt and Pepper Prawns (star). \n\nSo until I get sick of the Prawns or a Pei Wei opens in the Pittsburgh market, I'll continue to go to this location.
We had another opportunity to eat here today and the experience was much improved. There was no crowd to fight and we weren't seated near the door as we were last time. As I expected, getting a table near the edge of the restaurant provides for a much nicer dining experience. Our service was good and they accommodated our 1 year old nicely. I appreciate that they serve steamed veggies on the kids menu. \n\nI still left with the impression that the serving sizes were small in comparison to most other places, but we were satisfied and happy.
Went here for lunch yesterday with a friend and it was so yummy! Started out with chicken lettuce wraps and it was totally hitting the hungry spot! Lol. Tried chicken lettuce wrap at my places but this place is one of my fave. Their wonton shop is also full of chicken chunks and shrimps as well... which is different bc you don't normally get all that in a wonton soup bowl.  By the time we ate the lettuce wraps and our soups, we were almost full. LOVE the way their Mongolian beef is made here and my friend had the crispy honey shrimp and it was so yummy as well. Definitely will be back because this place is clean, service is quick, food is delicious, and the price isn't so bad either.
We went last night Saturday night to P.F.Chang located at the Kierlands in Scottsdale. Terrible Experience!!! after waiting over one hour to be seated, we ordered calamari for appetizer which came with a horrible strange salty sauce and salt and pepper mix on the side. then I ordered beef and broccoli and my husband ordered a vegetarian dish with peanut sauce . After a long wait my food came so salty that I could not even eat and as much as I hate to complain but I had to let the waiter know, so he went to get me one with less salt. My husband's dish was OK. then the second one was a bit less salty but the meat had a terrible liver kind of taste which totally turned my stomach. I feel the reason they added so much salt was to hide the bad tasting rotted meat. Very bad experience. Our waiter was kind and sympathetic. ruined my evening out :(
Let me start off by saying I have mostly simple tastes, and my favorite lunch spot for Chinese has been the New Dumpling House in Squirrel Hill. But since that restaurant is undergoing renovations, I was forced to try something new.\n\nSo... I thought I'd try the chain PF Chang's Chinese Restaurant at the Waterfront. Wow, what an unsatisfying mistake that turned out to be.\n\nI started with a cup of their Wonton soup. At $2.95 it wasn't too outrageous of a price, the broth had some flavor and there was much more in it than I was used to, including three giant basil (I think?) leafs that covered everything beneath. In the broth were chunks of chicken, two shrimp, some sliced water chestnuts and two \""pork\""-filled wontons. As I said, the broth had decent flavor, but the wontons were thick, doughy and under-cooked, and the chicken chunks were dry, which is amazing since they were drowned in broth! On a scale of bad to good, it was kind of meh.\n\nNext came my \""lunch-portion\"" order of Chang's Kung Pao Chicken (the dinner portion is $5 more). \n\nAt the New Dumpling House, this dish is served with a delectable dark, rich, tangy sauce, which I was really hoping for... Not at PF Chang's. \n\nOn my plate I received about 8 quarter-size chunks of lightly breaded and browned chicken, 7 hot Chinese red chili peppers (mostly inedible unless they are diced into a sauce), a handful of blanched, unsalted peanuts, a few sliced scallions, and a bed of the most bland brown rice I have ever encountered. Uncle Ben would've been ashamed if that stuff came out of one of his boxes.\n\nGlaringly, there was NO SAUCE!. None at all.\n\nI've had Kung Pao Chicken in New York City, San Francisco, and even from a hole in the wall in Bethel Park, PA that was much, much better. Never have I had it served in such a bland, skimpy, and overpriced way! The \""lunch-portion\"" cost was $9.95.\n\nAt The New Dumpling House, I could have a delicious lunch, with soup, entree and complimentary hot tea, and I could leave satisfied with just $8 out-of-pocket -- and that includes the tip.\n\nThe service was decent. However, lesson learned. One and done. Never going back to PF Changs.
Our family loves this restaurant.  My children and I suffer from food allergies.   I have Celiac's Disease and their gluten free selection for a Chinese restaurant is great.  My children are a completely different ball game.  They have a rare disease called Eosinophilic Esophagitus where food attacks their body.  They are very limited on their food selctions due to not being able to consume any food with gluten, soy, eggs, dairy, nuts, tree nuts, fish, shellfish, amd corn.  This restaurant takes special care of my kids by making sure they get chicken that has not gone through the egg wash.  The servers and managers are all trained in how to be careful.  Our favorite manager is Joe and favorite server is Kevin.  Call ahead if you have any questions and they will answer your questions.
I've had bad experiences here a few times now.  I wrote panera bread and haven't heard back.  Bad service all around!!!  Basically, we ordered our food, they ran out of what we wanted, so just decided to make us something else with out telling us.  When we got our food, we asked why they made us that instead of what we ordered---'oh it was the closest to what you wanted'.....hmmmm how about you tell us that before we pay, and how about you give us our money back.  Really, you don't get much for what you pay for at panera.  Its not very good at all.
It's the same Panera food you've had before.  I like the other ones better as they are often  faster at preparing food than this one.  That said the food is fine and the staff is nice enough.\n\nThey have warm cookies for $2.00.  That is a nice feature.
Panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant I have ever been to. I have posted two pictures of the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. The first one looks delicious the second one looks like they could've used a smaller bowl. It did not even look appetizing.
The food was fine. It's a chain. I'm not rating it. \n\nThe service was absolutely horrible. It started well enough when we ordered lunch, but ended horribly when my daughter said we should get a treat for my husband. \n\nBetween being ignored by the girl at the counter, her not listening to the order, then arguing with me when I told her I did not ask for what she brought me, I really can't decide which is worse. I rather spend my money somewhere local where they appreciate my business, rather than take attitude from Panera employees.
This use to be my go to Panera Bread.  When I worked in the area I would stop here before work to grab my breakfast and then stop to get my lunch as well.  I was happy when I left the area and moved on to bigger and better things.  My waist also appreciated it.  Those scones are delicious.\n\nI recently stopped back here when I was shopping and was pleasantly surprised.  With all my new allergies I came in here hoping to get some bread.  Not knowing, nor doing my homework before I showed up, I asked the manager if one particular bread had corn syrup in it or not.  Not knowing the answer herself, she was kind enough to pull out a binder that contained all of their recipes, ingredients included.  After looking through it for a few minutes I was able to select the bread I wanted.  They will sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now.  If you would rather slice yourself, I am sure they will wrap it up and you can go on your way.  Yes, it's true, it may be a bit more expensive than your cheap bread on the grocery store shelf.  But it is much better tasting.
The problem I have this experience compared to my last is that the examination lasted 3 minutes.  The vet checked the ears, teeth, and nails then called it a day.  \n\nI came home looked at his teeth and saw my pup had a \""slab fracture\""  which was still attached to the gum.  The vet didn't mentioned it during the \""exam\"" other than telling me to buy a finger brush to brush his teeth.\n\nI was primarily there for a vaccination shot but if they're going to charge me for a examination, they should do a proper examination.  I just felt I was rushed out of there. \n\nI took my dog to another vet where they told me about the slab fracture, gave me info on how it usually happens, potential problems that it can cause, and recommendations on ways to fix the problem.
After working for the rival of Target for years, Target has become my favorite mega chain store to shop at.  Although it does not seem to have every single item as other stores I'm still able to get in and get out in a hurry.  \n\nDepending on the time of day, it may be a task just to find a parking space due to the traffic light at the end of the road.  If you don't mind walking a bit, the aisle where the pharmacy sign is on the building usually has spots closer to the front of the store.\n\nThe only downside I can find for this location is the smell of overly burnt buttered popcorn as soon as you walk in due to the cafe location.  I prefer not to vomit as soon as I walk into a store, maybe after about ten minutes in I'd consider it.
Target is pretty standard. If you've been to one of them, you'll know largely what to expect from this one. That being said, this store is clean, and the deals one clearance can be good. Just make sure to check the circular and the website, as sometimes additional coupons can be found that the store personnel aren't aware of. \n\nThe electronics department staff are not very knowledgeable, and tried to pressure me into buying a different TV by repeating marketing lingo, but were unable to explain what their claims actually were when challenged on them, so make sure to do your research beforehand if purchasing electronics.
Target is one of my favorite stores -- I just love wandering around late at night when the store is quiet -- it's just so therapeutic! This location is now my closest store, so I drop by pretty often.\n\nThis store is pretty average. Inventory and customer service aren't particularly stellar but isn't poor either. I've generally been able to find what I need here and check out pretty quickly. \n\nIn addition to the common pharmacy and photo studio found in most Targets, this location also has an optical department. Of the 10-15 locations in the Pittsburgh area, only this store and the Cranberry store sell glasses. I purchased a pair of glasses and sunglasses through Target Optical three years ago and have been very happy with their product and customer service.
I've been to many Targets and they're all the same. However, this particular one is currently being remodeled. Children's clothing, toys, electronics and health & beauty items have been moved to other parts of the store. There is a new Starbucks that is now open. The cafe that is there has been remodeled and will serve Pizza Hut pizza and other new menu items. The area where the electronics used to be it is now going to have a small grocery section. Basically, this Target in Homestead will eventually look like the one in East Liberty. I like this Target, so I am pleased with the new changes (especially Starbucks)!
Watch out when it looks like something is on sale.  They mark a rack or table with a big buy one get one or 50% off sign, then only some of the stuff on the rack is on sale.
Let's start this review by saying that when we are at that point, my girlfriend and I will be going to Jos. A. Bank for mine and my groomsman's suits.  Allow me to give you a numbered breakdown of the issues we encountered when renting from Men's Wearhouse to be the groomsmen in our friends wedding.\n\n1- They never contacted us after the fitting after saying there would be a followup call.  The other groomsmen and I had to follow up repeatedly to get an answer as to when our tuxedos would arrive and the staff were very short with our honest questions over the phone.\n2- They sent two of our tuxedos to Homestead when we asked for them to be sent to Ross Park Mall during the fitting.\n3- When one of us called two days prior to the wedding to ask if our tux's had arrived the guy answering the phone said \""Oh... I don't know\"" (insert an awkward, pregnant pause here while waiting for him to say \""Let me check that for you\"") he instead said \""Well, I'm going to hang up now.\""  And he made good on that promise, and hung up.\n4- Despite saying we'd get a call a few weeks ahead of the wedding to be resized in case one of us gained a few lbs over the winter, this call never came so we basically had to hope that everything fit as it needed to.\n5- We were at one point informed that MW had our emails on file and that when our tuxes arrived at the store we would receive an email letting us know.  Not a single groomsman received any such email to that effect.\n6- One of the groomsmen randomly received a black tie while everybody else had white.  Another received no studs.  We discovered this approximately two hours to show-time while relatively far from civilization.\n7- On picking up my tux I informed the associate \""I'll be unable to get to a Men's Wearhouse for a few days after the wedding, is this alright?\"" to which she responded \""Yeah that should be fine\"" so when my girlfriend graciously dropped off my tux for me a few days later and learned of the $100 late fee, I was totally caught off guard.\n8- My girlfriend was also caught totally off guard by the associate at Ross Park Mall who was incredibly rude to her when  he informed her of said late fee.\n9- As the Best Man I was given a coupon card for $50 off my next rental at Men's Wearhouse.  Since I am in another wedding next month with rentals from MW I figured this would be an opportune time to use it.  Imagine my shock while paying for the next weddings rental, when I presented the coupon and was told \""Oh, that isn't for this.  That is intended for YOUR wedding.  Oh and it expires on December 31st of this year.\"" \n10- The groom himself decided to use a coupon to purchase a suit for the wedding and to own, rather than rent a tux for the occasion.  He was ensured by the Homestead staff that the coupon would be fine for this purpose and got fitted for it.  When he went to pick up his suit and pay with the aid of said approved coupon he was instead forced into an argument with an associate who insisted he could not use the coupon towards the suit that an associate a few weeks earlier had insisted he could use.  Granted, now I am speaking for another person so take that with as much salt as you may, but he reiterated this fact to me several times prior to his wedding last week.\n\nOver my friends wedding weekend, any time anything even went slightly wrong at and around his wedding, the joke between the Groom and his Groomsmen was \""Effing Men's Wearhouse.\""  For example, at a restaurant, \""Wait I asked for no onions on this sandwich. - Effing Men's Wearhouse!\""  \""Noise complaint at the hotel room? Men's Wearhouse.\""\n\nAnother groomsman looked at me when we discovered the wrong color tie one of us received and said to me \""I hope you're taking notes for your own impending wedding\"" to which I replied \""Perhaps I could find better service from GoodWill of Western PA\""\n\nCongrats Men's Wearhouse.  You became the butt of every joke for every mishap for an entire weekend around a wedding to which you provided the suits.\n\nTL;DR - 10 mistakes, several rude associates and 1 future groom going to Jos. A. Bank.
It's not that delish.
This store has such bad service. The service staff are rude rude rude.  Save your money, shop elsewhere.
We just completed our wedding registry at the Homestead location. The customer service was outstanding! One of the employees, Chris, walked around with us to help us pick out exactly what we needed. The wedding registry coordinator, Christina, was also very helpful and accommodating. They treated us as if we were royalty. I would recommend this wedding registry without a doubt!
This is a very small, yet nice store. The associates are nice and helpful. Not much else to say about this particular store. Just a pleasure to purchase from...
Much like every other Eat 'n Park (3 or 4 stars worth of chain-diner food), except the last five times I've been here, the service has been damn, damn, daaaaaaaamn slow.  It's always fun to see the staff smoking out back while I've waited an hour for some scrambled eggs.
The food is usually pretty good, however the service is almost ALWAYS very VERY slow. Most of the staff are pretty friendly and sweet but there are a few sour ones in the bunch that make the experience not as nice as it could be. Although they still technically do their job, you can FEEL very negative vibes from them and see how inefficient they are with the way they do things. It's a hit and miss. Unless you know one of the servers and their schedules. The low rating is mainly for the slow service and the handful of staff members who aren't very pleasant.
Eat n Park is usually decent.  This location though has HORRIBLY SLOW service.  Seriously, we never wait less than 10 minutes for a server to acknowledge us, and we live near the Waterfront, so we've given this location the benefit of the doubt numerous times.  Each time hoping that the last was just a fluke, new staff, or something.  It's not.  Doesn't matter what time we go.  It seems we are not acknowledged for several minutes, and then the service is mediocre at best.  Occasionally, we've had a stellar service, but it's few and far between.  Today, after waiting 15 minutes, then getting up to find a server in another section, we were informed that we were sitting in a \""closed\"" section.  That server offered to serve us, but honestly, we left.  I told the hostess who seated us about the mixup, and got a blank stare.  I've never had this issue at any other EnP.  We left, drove to the Squirrel Hill location, and our orders were taken in the amount of time we wasted at the Waterfront.  Mgmt- you have a beautiful, prime location.  Get your hosts and servers on the same page!
God i hate eat n park. Only reason i have gone is for the salad bar because u cant find a decent salad bar in this city. Just about every entree iv had here is nothing more than rubbish, except maybe the cheesteak. Only go if u have little kids
I enjoy this TJ Maxx location. I'm not sure that any TJ Maxx in Western PA has as good of a selection as the Johnstown TJ Maxx, (yes, that's right, I really did say Johnstown) but this one is pretty close. There is plenty of space, and there is a decent homegoods section as well. Not huge, but decent.\n\nThis location always has a few Bliss products, which makes it top notch in my opinion. I mean, where else can you get discounted Bliss products??\n\nI generally don't have a lot of success with shoes at TJ Maxx because they never seem that discounted to me, but I have struck gold at this location several times. Last summer I scored two pairs of Cole Haan wedges for under $40 at the beginning of summer, and I've had success with booties here as well. Great deals on shoes makes me a happy girl!\n\nAll in all, this is a great location, and one that I frequent at least a few times per month.
Decent size, decent selection, decent staff.\n\nI guess that can wholly sum this place up, it's decent.  As with many other stores that are like this, the product rotates depending on what doesn't sale well at other stores.  Can always snag a deal here.  I was able to pick up a pretty sweet Puma jacket for $10, can't beat that, right?\n\nThat being said, there are those times that you may not find anything as well.  So really don't get your hopes up if you are looking for a specific item.
Since both Marshalls and TJ Maxx are owned by the same company, I make sure to stop by both locations when shopping at the Waterfront. I generally find nothing or spend only $10 or so at Marshalls, while being enticed to spend at least $50-100 at TJ Maxx. The Waterfront TJ Maxx seems to have not only the same product as this Marshalls plus a whole lot more. All that to say, I consider shopping here a waste of time since I could just drive a block or so and be at a store owned by the same company that always has what I want and need. Sorry, Marshalls, but you're just OK to me.
This is one of the few restaurants I frequent in the Waterfront. Why would you come to Mitchell's if not for the fish/seafood? You probably wouldn't. But you can swim in the Great Lakes beer on tap here and have some nice oysters while enjoying river view. Not many places in Pittsburgh offer these types of views while dining (and that's a Pittsburgh mystery to me). The restaurant is never to crowded and you won't get packed in like sardines in a tin can. So you can enjoy a fairly romantic dinner with your loved one(s).  \nThe food is very good but you may have to shell out a few clams of your own ($$$). If you have deep ocean like pockets put your hook into the  sea bass which is always moist and scrumptious at around $29.99. They will cook your food one of several ways. I like my fish broiled, their signature is too salty for my liking. Bread is mmmgood and hot (free). Staff is very  accommodating ie you can request to sample a soup and the servers are pleased to do so. I recommend you try their soups like the seafood gumbo. A bowl of this creamy delight goes a long way...bonus they toss in those little hexagonal oyster crackers as  reminds me of my youth on Long Island's south shore (but that's another story). Salads a bit skimpy and somewhat pricey (approx. $7.95 for basic house salad). Bottom line is Mitchell's at the Waterfront is well worth taking the splash for if you really like a nice seafood dinner.
Mtchells is one of the best fish places around.  I really like their Shanghi preparation of my fish. It's just delicious.\n\nThe establishment is always clean, the staff courteous and the fish, of course, fresh.  \n\nOddly enough one of my favorite things about going here besides the fish is the bread they give you.  It's always so warm and tasty.\n\nThe deserts are also very tasty.  I have gotten two that I really liked\n\nThey also have a three course fixed price option last I went that was a great value. I think it was $20/person for lunch.
An excellent choice for fresh, well prepared seafood located in the Waterfront area in Homestead.   I frequent this area for business travel, and you can't do much better without heading downtown.\n\nThe seafood is excellent, with a daily menu crammed full of fresh fish specials, a raw bar, and a list of chef's specialties.  The house salad is sweet and delicious, and the 'shanghai' seafood preparation is delicious, healthy, and unique.  Try it with the scallops or a white-fleshed fish.\n\nThere is a nice selection of regional beers on tap, a decent selections of wines, and creative drinks (think elderflower and pear martinis).  The deserts are adequate, though not a highlight.  \n\nIf you're on the Waterfront, you won't do better than this.  Enjoy!
This place has great seafood. The best in the area. I come here for seafood every time. Everything on their menu is good. Their menu changes all the time depending on what was in season. Appetizers are amazing like the raw oysters.  Their clam chowder is the best. Really creamy with lots of clams. Wonderful restaurant. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. We love coming to this restaurant. Don't forget a reservation on weekends. You will not get a table and will probably wait an hour or two if you don't have one. We never get to the dessert. Always too full to eat dessert.   Forgot to take pictures.
Excellent service, great meal!  They had an excellent selection of seafood,  and I can't wait to dine again
We went here for Valentines Day after some traffic downtown made us miss our reservation somewhere else. We both loved it. The calamari is outstanding and if you get there before 7, they run happy hour which is half off apps and $3 beers. \n\nI had filet and crab cake and it was delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly and the crabcake was a good size. Atmosphere was good and busy but that is likely because of it being Valentines day. Despite the busyness, the wait staff was very attentive.\n\nMy wife's steak came out rare despite asking for medium but they took it back and recooked it to a perfect medium level. We will def be back.
Went on a Saturday, 2 hour wait. food is good, I got some seafood gumbo to go and I won't do that again. Seemed like it didn't have any seafood in it.
Service was slow, but that was because one of our party insisted that the bartender, her favorite server, serve us in our private room for a party of 8.  The food and drinks were good and we woud return.
I am bummed about this- I had high hopes. Here's a rundown of the evening:\n\nPros:\n- super friendly waitress, Stephanie, who maintained her professionalism and friendliness throughout \n- yummy elderflower and pear beverage\n- lobster bisque was nice and lobster-y\n- hot delicious bread\n\nCons:\n- oysters were sketch. And I don't feel good about that. Stephanie brought us an order of East Coast oysters to replace the West Coast ones that we sent back.\n- fresh grated horseradish had NO flavor or heat- what's up with that?\n- scallops were meh- came with weird veggies, unevenly seared, and no real flavor. And at a whopping $25 a plate, I expect some nummers!\n\nI doubt we'll go back- for those prices, I would prefer McCormick's or Ruth's Chris.
Service an atmosphere was great. I had the shrimp boil and it was very under-seasoned. Much closer to bland than anything.
I'm not a mean reviewer, if you look at the other places I've reviewed, but this was just so so so disappointing. The Shanghai style Merlin was very poorly done. The meat was extremely bland, with very little seasoning. I have a very low sodium tolerance and yet I still found this fish to be made too bland. The rice was entirely uncooked and it made crunching sounds as I took my first bite. I talked to the waitress and she offered to bring out another side. It wasn't the same. The whole dish was a fail and I don't think I am ever coming back again :(
I went here on a recent business trip, and there aren't many decent options in West Homestead, so I decided to splurge on the company's dollar and  ordered take-out.   \n\nI was highly disappointed in the service, and I only ordered take out.    Upon going to the bar to announce that I was there for take out, there were 3 other people at the bar.   The bartender had her back to me and it wasn't until a few minutes had passed that another guest told her that she should wait on me.    \n\nAfter announcing the reason for my visit, she checks on my order (not ready yet) and helps other tables.  No offer of water, or a drink.  Another gentleman working the bar asked the bartender if she had offered me a drink, she stated to him my order would be right up.   He then asked if she offered me a water, to which she replied, her order is going to be right up.    He placed a glass of water in front of me.\n\nThen I hear my name and order announced by the kitchen staff.   3 staff members yelled. .  .\""it's TAKEOUT\""  so back it went into the kitchen to be packed up.\n\nGentelman bartender asks female bartender if she has rung me up yet (she had not)\n\nAfter more time had passed (how long does it take to put food into a takeout container?)   it finally is put down in front of me.  She then rings me up.   I don't expect take out to be piping hot, but at this point i wondered if it was even going to be room.\n\nWhen i go to eat my meal, utensils were not included.  I now had to go find something to eat my lukewarm food with. \n\nVERY DISAPPOINTING experience.   Will not be returning.
Will I come here again?  Yes absolutely for drinks, they knocked the Ketel One extra dirty blue cheese olive martini outta the park.  The ambiance is very nice.  Of the 4 types of reviews I give (awesome, OK, bad where they get slammed and bad where I hope they improve) here I am giving the heartfelt \""bad where I hope they improve.\""  Our waitress was very friendly and did a good job.  I mentioned the gritty redskins of the mashed potato.  We went with appetizers she recommended.  Not good.  \n\nSeared ahi tuna: horrible flavors mixed with the rub, the prep, the tuna wasn't cool inside, the chips were not good, there was no soy sauce but there was wasabi.  NOT good.  With heartfelt advice, compare this against Outback's ahi tuna appetizer and it's no contest.  The chef should do so.  (He's a nice guy like me I hope.)  \n\nBBQ shrimp: go try Redstone's (Philly) buffalo shrimp appetizer.  It is chilled, very delicious.  This appetizer was recommended and was garbage.  The barbecue sauce was horrible, overwhelmed and left an unsavory aftertaste in both my and my clients' palate.  Gordon Food Service or Sysco BBQ sauce.  A real \""must-miss\"".  \n\nCod entree was OK.  The skillet beans were too firm, too mature, they need petite green beans.  Potato skin had grit in the mashed.  Why 1 star?  The price was close to Capital Grille, but far from the cuisine.  I hope they spruce it up.  The place is nice.
I have always had a great dinner at Mitchell's but something has changed. Went there last night about 5:30, the place was maybe half full. We were seated and when it finally occurred to us that no one had been to the table at all to ask about drinks or even bring water, I started timing.... 14 minutes later we decided to leave. Told the hostess what had happened and got a blank stare.  Sorry but not going back there again.
The service was mostly friendly but I was disappointed in my meal. My meal was way over cooked. The soda was flat and the carbonation needed changed and I felt like we inconvenienced our server by asking for new ones.  Overall, I thought it was mediocre and I was expecting more for the prices.
Food was only ok. Had lobster bisque soup not to good. Had the shang Hai Seafood Sampler. The scallops were hard, over cooked. The samon was good. Shrimp had no flavor. I will say the service was the best. Our waiter was great!!
Love this place - they were very accommodating to me, Peanut and Gramma (she goes often).  Solid wine selection and Gramma says they make a good Margarita.  We all enjoyed all of our food as well.  Great view of the Mon too.
Love this place so much. The food is always so delicious always leave feeling extremely satisfied. The service is incredibly slow though, takes FOREVER to our meals! Even during lunch time when there's almost no one there.. I don't understand I always end up eating here for at LEAST two-four hours. Fish is always fresh, lobster is delicate and tasty, and surprisingly the steak is amazing as well. Clam chowder is rich and creamy-- perfect thickness! Love their salads as well. Definitely recommend this place for a date night :) pricey? Definitely, be prepared to spend at least $20/person!
First I would like to say that I was hesitant coming to another fish place recommended by some temporary coworkers since the last place they sent me to made terribly ill. \nThat being said, I came here and was delighted by my server Michael who was not only friendly but incredibly attentive and very sharp. \nI originally ordered the Mahi Mahi but alas, the ran out upon my ordering, in which case the manager promptly came to ask me for another upgraded selection at no additional charge. Hence, the tuna. \nNow the tuna was amazing. Seared almost perfectly, with the rare flavor still intact. \nI would most definitely come back again and if I lived in the area, this would be one of my top spots.
I love Mitchell's Fish Market.  95% of the time, the food is amazing but, when they mess up, they move heaven and earth to make it better.  The last time we were at Mitchell's, I ordered the lobster and tenderloin skewers.  My lobster was underdone.  The server was amazing and replaced the lobster tail even though I had eaten most of it.  Then, to make our night even better, comped us a dessert.  It's that kind of stellar service that keeps us going back.
This was my first time at this location.  I've frequented the Upper St Clair Galleria restaurant.  There's a lot to like about this Columbus OH based chain.  I don't usually eat at chain restaurants nor will I review them because they're typically big food corporate run places that don't care what they feed you they just care about their stockholders.  This place seems different to me.  The food quality and care seems to be very high.  \n\nThe staff is always well trained.  I like the decor and ambiance.  The menu offers many options.  I don't really like the fish preparation options very much and the portions can be small in some of the dishes but overall I am a fan.  I do really appreciate being able to buy fresh fish here.  I like to buy the trout and prepare it at home.  \n\nWe were here for a Thanksgiving meet-up event with 69 other people.  The room was a little small and it ended up being too loud too but the staff really pulled it off overall.  It's a tough thing to do.  It wasn't perfect for sure but the food was surprisingly good and came out hot and fresh.  Nicely done.
In the Homestead area of Pittsburgh. Seafood gumbo was very good.\nBroiled scallops were very good, partner had sea bass stuffed with lobster, also very good. Vegetable sides were not as good as the fish. With two glasses of wine the total was $83. In and out in an hour.\nI'd go back because the fish was that good
I love old navy clothing, it's vintage styling with good prices. Great jeans too, I love the painter's jeans.
After further consideration, this store does not deserve a 4 star review. The Old Navy product has been pretty weak recently, which isn't the store's fault, but the severe lack of customer service doesn't help the situation. \n\nWhile shopping here on Friday, I was one of maybe 3-5 people in the store. I would practically walk into a sales associate but not even receive a glance or smile. No one working here seems to give an iota whether or not product is being sold. To avoid inconveniencing the associates, I will be taking my Old Navy purchases online in the future.
I don't see to many options in Pittsburgh for sporting goods. Dick's seems to be the big chain for sporting paraphernalia in this neck of the woods. Their selection is poor especially in the snowboarding and biking section. Maybe it's good for small children who want their first snowboard? It is a very average store with average products. I would like to see some attempt to carry more high end products. I am not into fishing or hunting live prey so I am not sure about these departments? I guess if you want some Under Armor products then this is the place to go because I see aisles upon endless aisles of these types of products.
I enter every sporting goods stores as a soccer player, runner, and sports fan, so my reviews will always be skewed towards those particular areas. With that said, this is probably the worst Dick's location that I've ever been to. The selection is very limited for soccer gear, which must be a testament to the lack of the local customer base seeking out soccer gear. It's mostly low-end youth gear, too, which makes it nearly useless to adults or even some teenage soccer players.\n\nThe staff at this location has always been really nice, though, and it's the closest location to where we live, so I still end up going there quite a bit for running and clothing needs (of course, we usually leave empty-handed as they don't have what we're looking for). \n\nThey do have quite an extensive fan gear section if you're looking to support the local Pittsburgh teams, but this store just doesn't have the overall inventory necessary to be considered a \""good\"" Dick's location.
A group of us traveld here to go kenneywood park across the road but we decided not to after what we drove throuhg to get there so we atleast decided to get somthing to eat and man where we happey to get out alive. We where the only normal people in this place. The kids next to us who where only 14 where bragging and saying that they went to jail 2 times in their life. You had people selling their food outsdie the resturant. after seeing that we quickly left and hid in our cars with the doors locked. While we where in there my friend got hit on by 2 girls and they gave him there numbers while the other young guy across the table yeld dont do it dont do it. Must I say more? bottom line is dont go if you are normal and get the hell out of that area cause if you call a shank a happey meal toy then that is the resturant for you.
By far the worst McDonald's in the world.  Employees are to busy playing grab ass behind the counter, to get your order correct.  Ninety percent of the time you receive the wrong order, after waiting what seems an eternity.  I've even enjoyed the experience of going through the drive thru, only to get home and find no beef patties on my Big Mac.  Save yourself the aggravation, and do not go here.
You know it's bad when a McDonald's gets a 1 star review...I mean, seriously: none of us expect anything fancy when we go to a McDonald's. The whole point of going to McDonald's is indulging in some not-good-for-you food on the go in your busy life. In my case, I just wanted a small meal/snack that wouldn't cost me as much as the stuff in Kennywood would. I hadn't even eaten at a McDonald's in about eight years or so. And I quickly remembered why!\n\nForget the fact that McDonald's food isn't great. We all know it's not great. The problem here is that they added insult to injury by giving you the worst customer service ever in addition to not so good food. For starters, I quickly discovered that the drive-thru here is the ABSOLUTE slowest line on planet Earth. You certainly won't be getting any fast food here! Then, once I FINALLY placed my order, and finally got to the window to pay (because of course I spent a lot of time waiting for the people in front of me to even get their orders), a young woman took my card, swiped it...and didn't say another word. I waited thinking she was printing a receipt - nope! Eventually - after whipping out her phone and sending a text or two - she realized I was still there and told me to go to the next window for my food. Whatever, I figured, forget the receipt; by then I was pretty sure she had moved on to other orders and couldn't print my receipt anyway. On to the next window, where I was given my food and drink...and I proceeded to quickly discover they gave me no straw and for some reason, layered my Big Mac as such: bread, bread, patty, patty, bread. ...seriously, how does one even mess that up? I give one brownie point because the fries really were actually pretty good...but they were not worth the wait or trouble.\n\nI concur with the other reviewers: skip this place. Completely. Just keep driving. Anywhere else is better and less of a waste of your time and money, and the people here are so slow that you'll spend more time waiting for your food then you will eating it.
By far the absolute worst Mcdonalds in the\nWorld. You can pretty much rest assured that, after your long wait in the drive thru, your order will most definitely be wrong.  Calls to the owner go ignored. Rice Enterprises own a majority of the McDonalds in the South Hills.  They have all gone down hill in quality, service and cleanliness.  The owner has to be the problem.
Good pizza at a great price. The unique crust that's both crispy and airy is probably not for everybody, but our whole group liked it. The sauce is good too, light but with a good tomato flavor. \n\nThe best thing about this place is the management. They went out of their way for our group of seven and the food was out fast. And the prices: we fed everybody in under $40, with plenty of leftovers taken home.
Bought a bike there on my second time in the shop.   Glen is very knowledgeable but can be a bit overwhelming, annoying and pushy, I can see how he can be very helpful to the average Joe, but if you are in his shop you should have done your homework, as this place is not walmart, mid to high level product here. I would encourage getting fitted and even buying a bike there, but going back for service is a whole different story.  Same day service is unheard of here, even for the simplest of adjustments, no service is available at all on the weekends.  the first time I took a bike there to have a rear derailer hanger replaced and re-adjusted (I had already purchased and had the hanger) 11 days went by before I returned to pick my bike up after not being called.  I figured it was just a fluke experience and gave them the benefit of the doubt.  The second time. I took a bike in to have a damaged shift lever replaced with a new 7800 pair. I called after 9 days and they said it wold be 2 days more.  when I showed up 2 days later it still wasn't done, it took 2 more following that, 13 days total.  Stay away from their service department
Great customer service!!!
This place is the absolute BEST to purchase a bike! I have been searching for a bike for a while now and every place I have gone to have not been NEAR has helpful as Glenn. \nThe one guy in the shop helped pick me a bike for what I needed and Glenn fit me perfectly to the bike. They also helped me with the bike rack on my car and changed my bike saddle for me! Ohhhh and they gave me the best price on the bike and accessories!!!  Wonderful service. Absolutely will go back! ... Can't wait!
If you're in the market for a high quality bike, whether it be road, mountain, racing, or hybrid, go to see Glenn at BBB.  It's very clear that he loves his shop and his job.  I explained my needs and preferences to him and he quickly fitted me with a bike that suited my needs.   I actually bought my Trek 7300 over 3 years ago and I absolutely love it!  He sells only the highest quality bikes and equipment.  Highly recommended.
This place makes AWESOME pizza. Also, their Italian hoagies are great. The only problem is that they do not open until 4.
Okay so I just moved to the outskirts of Duquesne, PA which is outside of Pittsburgh from Harrisburg, PA of all places. Where I am at, really there is no delivery but these guys did. They were nice and cordial and cheap but I have been spoiled by the pizza shop in Harrisburg, Downtown, run my an old world Italian guy named Luigi. That pizza is/was MILES better than this. This crust, while thin, did not have flavor and was hard. The slices were small for their 8 slice which I did like. The cheese was good. The sauce was meh. I've definitely had way better. 2 stars for being cheap and delivering.
Pizza is very hit or miss. When the owners are there, it's really good. When they aren't, you get pizza that is over cooked (more like burnt) and LONG delivery times. The pizza, even when plain, is very greasy. Way more than other places around. Usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese. Also they do not take credit or debit cards. There are better options.
Came here from PGH for the first time.  This bakery is legit.  I bought some Rye bread and Italian 5 grain.  Delicious.  A strange snickerdoodle thing with pink frosting.  Delicious. Chocolate chip cookie dipped in chocolate, extra chewy and humongous.  Delicious.\n\nAnd a sweet old lady serving em up.\n\nThe best.\n\nDelicious.
Years after the first reviewer came here, the quality is still great and deserving of more than 5 stars.\n\nThe people who work here and run this place are super friendly and really know their craft. The main owner took my order once and gave me some tips on how to cook the frozen pierogies at home. They turned out ok, but not as good as getting them fresh from the store. \n\nIt can be a bit of a drive from anywhere that's not McKees Rocks (Google Maps takes you through the hood) but it's worth it.
These pierogies are one of my favorite things in the world. They're freakin' amazing. The potato and jalapeno ones are my favorite. And I definitely think it's worth it to drive all the way out to McKees Rocks to get them. I like to get them frozen, and bring them home and smother them in butter.
Well for my first time here I was way less than impressed. The lady at the front counter was a crab and  the Pierogies really weren't that great. Rather than be kind and answering my questions I settled with the potato and cheese pierogies. I guess Bloomfield Bridge tavern or Mrs. T's is still my go to place. And plus this place is way out of my way to be treated poorly. I wouldn't go back
Update: Get. The. Italian. Sausage. Pierogies. Holy crap. It will change your freaking life!
Just finished a dinner of pierogies that our Pgh family brought to WV - always look forward to Pierogies Plus - try the apricot for a sweet treet!
The experience was not that great. The lady taking the orders was nice, but not helpful with what to order. The owner kept her back turn to us the entire time, based on the pictures and news articles I read about her I thought she would have been more social. To what really matters we got #2 sampler and order of jalape\u00f1o pierogies and the Ruben pierogies a lot of food for two guys. Really had no idea what to expect. Haluski was good, the pierogies came Luke warm and soaked in oily butter. Like the cab driver said you can find better. I'd pass on this spot.
I was very disappointed in the quality of the pierogies and the haluski at Pierogies Plus.  I ordered them hot and I purchased enough so that I could have leftovers the next day.  When I got home and opened the containers, something smelled odd.  When I started to eat, it tasted just as odd.  As it turns out, what is referred to as 'butter sauce' is a misrepresentation of what it really is-----margarine, which I eliminated from my diet years ago because of the trans fats and the fact that any way you cut it, butter makes for a better product.  Sorry Allison B, ain't no butter here.  Margarine is used as a cost-cutting measure, and it just can't measure up.  I rinsed off the peirogies and browned them in some butter and my own onions.   The haluski got thrown away.  For the prices being charged for these products, the proprietor can well-afford to use butter.
Have been here two times after stopping at Mancini's Bakery. Have only had the Hamburger/Cheese/Bacon w/ fries but huge portions and great price. Great Quality also. Server is really nice also. Will be eating here again. Heard the Breakfast items are also great. Saw the waffles and pancakes....were huge!
Marges is tucked away in the delightful Pittsburgh neighborhood of Mckees Rocks. This place reminds me half of a diner from the 1950's, and half my grandmas kitchen.\n\nThe seating room is accommodation, the service prompt and courteous.The prices are fantastic and so is the food.\n\nI had a grilled hodge podge combination of hot/sweet sausage, potatoes, eggs, and peppers all on one dish for 9.50. It was excellent. Ladies and Gents, I can put food away  like a champ and I still had leftovers.\n\nMy friend had a succulent, buttery French Toast. Simple, but they nailed it.\n\nI would return.
Great service, great food at a reasonable price!  The cheeseburger was as big as my head and delicious and the onion rings were just as good.  Our waitress was friendly, attentive and quick to refill drinks. Can't wait to go back!
Great small town breakfast spot Highly recommend George's Mixed Grill ... Delicious
They do great quality work. The only reason I did not give them five stars is for their lack of customer courtesy not once but twice. I am a very patient and understanding person, but being rude twice means you dont want my business and I tipped 20%.
Got my first tattoo here in 1993 and my second a couple weeks later. All these \nYears later they still look great. Haven't faded much and haven't\nHad em touched up. The shop is Professional and clean, I highly \nRecommend. Excellent quality work.
ewwww
It wasn't a busy night at the neighborhood, but you could have been fooled by how long the food took.  While it did take a while everyone was extremely friendly.  The food did come out hot, at least mine did, the rest of the plates were plate-warmer hot.  Everyone in the table resented me for \""holding back\"" the table since they staff pointed out they were waiting on my burger.\n\nWhich hey works as a segway onto the burger.  Quesadilla Burger.  I knew that was a mistake but I did it anyways.  The patty was sorta flavorful.  The toppings were in the bland category.  Cheese went MIA.  And the tortilla were over-toasted and tasteless.\n\nA big blah overall, which is sad, since we've had a grand ole time and good food in past visits.
Called for an arrangement for pickup, told the person who took my order that I would be able to pick the arrangement up at 5:30pm.  She asked if I could get there any earlier, I said I would try my best, but I work until 5pm, so maybe not.  She said ok.  \n\nComes to be 5pm and I get a call from a guy at the shop asking where I was!  The lady who took my order wrote down that I'd be there at 5pm.  I explained that I never said that and picked the arrangement up a little before 5:30pm.  \n\nArrangement was just OK.  I specifically wanted a lot of orange flowers, which they did, but they added strange colors with the orange... and some of the flowers were already a little wilted.  \n\nEven though the location is convenient, I will probably go elsewhere for a flower order next time.
i had a fantastic experience here. I got to the shop just before they weer about to close, but the owner was very gracious about creating an arrangement for me. The flowers were lovely. I would make a special trip just to purchase from this shop again.
The order process went well and the delivery arrived in a timely manner. I saw a picture of the flowers my friend received and the arrangement  wasn't even close to what was pictured on the website...a lot more filler flowers despite ordering the premium arrangement. I picked this place specifically because of what they offered despite other cheaper places in the area. I am disappointed because I wanted the best arrangement possible for my friend who is going through a tough time. \n\nI will not order from this place again.
Meh. I've ordered from here twice and not really been enthusiastic about the results either time. Keep in mind that I haven't had pizza from this place yet!\n\nTheir steak hoagie is middling-good; nothing to write home about, but a pretty good example of the standard Pittsburgh pizza place steak hoagie.\n\nThe seafood calzone is another story. Something in it was so bitter I couldn't quite eat it; I'm wondering if it was the garlic or perhaps a leftover burnt taste from the oven. Whatever it was, it was gross. The shrimp weren't that good either, suffering as they did from that certain \""I taste like iodine\"" flavor.\n\nThe advantage to R&B is that they're open reasonably late, given the location, but the phone service is rather surly and it always takes them an hour plus to deliver. Which would be OK if I didn't live a block away (normally I'd just walk and pick it up, but just for you, Yelpers, I subject myself to the vagaries of sitting on my rear end on the couch waiting for my food to arrive).
Excellent pizza - although the mushrooms were from a can. But the crust , sauce and rest of toppings on the Sicilian pizza were delicious. Nice family friendly
Service was very good..calzone was excellent.
Best pizza in the North Boros.  I can't make a trip to the area without stopping at Luigi's.  When I was a kid, the man himself actually owned the place and made the pizza, but they've since moved to a new location under new ownership...but the pizza is still just as good.  I prefer the thin-crust, but the Sicilian is also excellent.  The fried zucchini is a favorite and the mozzarella sticks are great, too.  The calzones are tasty, but may cause a coronary-- if you expect more than a handful of spinach among cheese in the spinach calzone, you'll be disappointed.  Because it's Pittsburgh, the chicken salad comes with french fries.  I tend to opt for take-out, but there is also a mid-sized dining section.
I have been eating at Luigi's since before birth (my mom loves this stuff). The new location is nice, but I miss the coziness of the old place. \nThe food has been consistent through the transition, which happened a long while ago by the way. Also, I have read a few other reviews that said Luigi's has left but I talk with him every time I am in. Regardless this is a great family owned pizzeria and I recommend the calzone because it is generously stuffed with ricotta :).
I stopped by here this past Tuesday in order to pick up a to go pizza.  My fiance, a friend and I were trying pizza from three different places and Luigi's was one of them.  I have driven by Luigi's many times before and for some reason had never stopped in but that did allow it to come to mind whenever I was looking for a pizza place I had not yet tried in the Bellevue area.  Whenever I called to place my order I was told that my pizza would be ready in about 15 minutes.  I arrived closer to 30 minutes later and was immediately confused whenever I walked into the restaurant.  You see there was a large dining room on the left that was full of people and I didn't immediately see the are where I would get my pizza from.  Finally after a few steps into the restaurant I noticed that the whole back area of the restaurant was where I needed to be and I made my way back there.  My pizza was ready for me and I quickly paid and was leaving whenever the cashier told me \""Stay out of trouble\"".  I really hope that was a friendly sentiment and not one that was based upon my appearance or anything else.  The pizza itself had a medium thick crust with a bland sauce which is weird since I could see a ton of green herbs in it.  The cheese was just ok and nothing special while the pizza itself had a slightly sour taste to it which I did not enjoy.  Out of the three different pizzas we ate that night this one was overwhelmingly our least favorite which was evidenced by the fact that 3/4 of it was left after the evening.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that I will probably not head back to Luigi's in the future.  I just don't see myself making a trip to Luigi's between the weird experience (although not bad) that I had in the restaurant and the fact that there are much better pizza places nearby.
Just ordered delivery from here. The soup was very good. I also would Recommend the specialty salad. I also was surprised at how quickly the order was delivered. It was delivered within a 1/2 an hour.
This place has great tasting food. I had a italian hoagie and it was great. The pizza is top notch.
I have never gotten an order correct from this specific McDonald's. I'm not sure what the problem is, but it is never, ever right. It is never quick. The staff is always rude. After trying at least 12-15 times over the past year, I've finally given up hope on this place. Do not recommend.
Delivery is slow and not even close to the best Chinese in the area.  No matter if it's rice or noodles or chicken or pork, everything tastes off--like it's been overcooked in mop-bucket-water.  Try House of Lee instead.
Whether you live in Ben Avon Heights, Brighton Heights - or anywhere in between - I urge you to try China Sea.  It is quite simply the best local Chinese delivery.  The people on the phone are helpful and friendly.  The delivery is always quoted at 45 minutes, yet the food always arrives earlier and is always unbelievably hot and fresh.  Some favorites of ours are the Kung Pao shrimp, pork lo mein and hot and sour soup.  I don't mean to compare China Sea to the higher end Chinese restaurants in our area.  It is not Sesame Inn or China Palace; it is not a \""date night out\"" sort of place. It most definitely is a cozy, inexpensive, good quality \""stay in and relax\"" go to.  Hope this helps!  Enjoy!\n\nps\nA few final thoughts while we were going back for seconds; they only use all white meat chicken in their dishes.\npps\nAlways look at their online coupons, you will get something free!
The pros:\nYou get a TON of food for your money. If the food was actually decent, this would have been even better because... LEFTOVERS. \nThey have coupons on their website that you can use whenever. \n\n\nThe cons:\nThe woman who answers the phone is kinda rude. You try to ask her questions and she gets an attitude with you like you're wasting her time. \nMy pork dumplings were \""fried\"" only on one side and were raw in the middle. \nEverything was pretty darn salty. Yeah, I get it. Chinese food tends to be a little salty, but this was unacceptably salty. \nLeftovers... Yes this is also a con because I threw it away. Suffering through it once was enough! \n\nIf you're craving something made fresh that is spicy and sweet, you're not going to find it here. Just very greasy, very salty, poor excuse for Chinese takeout.
If you have any common sense at all, please don't stay here.  Once, it almost burnt down...and I'm pretty sure most of the locals were chanting \""burn, baby, burn.\""
Horrifying.  This place should be ashamed of itself.  DO NOT STAY HERE.  Beyond dirty, just absolutely rank.
OMG who wrote the review below? A big fat liar/someone that was paid to write that! I stayed there for an hour this past weekend (my friend and I were both intoxicated and figured laying down a few hours would get us better suited to finish driving home). This place looks like it hasb't been cleaned (or furnished) since the 80s. Literally there was grime on the walls, and squashed, unwiped bug smears too. Ok, so not the best, but for two hours, we could deal. We looked for bed bugs, and didn't see any immediate signs of them- so we laid down to rest. After about 20-30 minutes, we both started itching like crazy. I ran to the bathroom mirror (there was mold all over the bathroom) and saw bed bug bites all on my shoulders, arms, and legs. HORRIBLE!! PLEASE Health Department, shut them down! It's deplorable in there!!
I can't even rate this place! Its absolutely disgusting! I begged the health department to shut them down! I was forced to stay a night here and it was so disgusting! I woke up with bed bug bites all over my body! Just filthy! DO NOT STAY HERE!
Fair prices but good quality... And amazing designs that are custom made.... Plus gel and solar nails are available for those interested... Offers waxing services... Completely renovated and the spa pedicure chair is amazing...
My Mom was up from Mississippi for Thanksgiving, and claimed to be in dire need of a manicure. I wanted to try somewhere in my new 'hood (Brighton Heights), so I turned to trusty Yelp for advice. Off to Star Nails we went. The inside was bright and tidy, the pedicure stations looked clean and newer, and the ladies were friendly. Unfortunately, the good feelings didn't last long. We each picked a color, and went to our respective technicians. The technician doing my nails as very nice and talkative, but just very inattentive to detail. I got no hand/arm massage, minimal shaping, and the polish application was exceptionally sloppy and thick. Her attempts to clean up the polish all over my cuticles were futile. Their actual technique was strange too, as both technicians had us dry our nails after the first coat was applied. My Mom and I left and almost in unison declared it to be the worst manicure we've gotten. At least the price wasn't exorbitant ($13 + tip each). Perhaps their other services are better, but I'll be giving the other nail shops in the area a chance next time.
I got a pedicure here. Not bad, they were pretty thorough. But two days later both of my big toes were infected and oozing pus where she trimmed my toenails on the sides (which was weird anyway). I hate to rate a local shop down, but man my toes hurt.
My boyfriend and i went here last night. the restaurant is dark romantic and the decor is amazing. There are photographs of the owners and chefs family on the walls.... its cute. My boyfriend called ahead and told them i was vegetarian and the chef prepared a couple of things for me.  There is no set menu and the waitress reads out what the chef has prepared for the night there are 5 courses. an appetizer, pasta, main course, a salad and and dessert. I thought the salad after the entree was pretty interesting . They are also very generous with the bread which i LOVED!!!!\nEvery meal was made to perfection. It had a homey feeling .....\nMy boyfriend had some scallops that he is still talking about.  My entree was spaghetti squash with mushroom wild rice and berries and limed artichokes. There were soo many flavors and all the ingredients were balanced. The service was great.\n All in all it was an amazing experience. The chef came out to say hi at the end of the night...... i finished off my dinner with the creme brulee and some coffee. Our bill came to $120 with tip and it was absolutely worth it .\nThis is a great restaurant for a super special occasions and  it is very private.Not to dressy and not too casual.\n Pick out a great bottle of wine or two and get ready to get your taste buds blown.\n Im pretty sure my boyfriend and i will be going back.
Yes!!!!!!\n\n\n\n\nGreat service!\nGreat Food!\nLove the BYOB!!! ($5).
STAY AWAY, the owners are so rude, they blatantly say they are not doing well and then try to pretend they have the best hairdressers in Pittsburgh. they make you feel so unwelcome, advertise they offer a bunch of services and then when you ask they snap at you that they only do hair.  it was so awkward and weird .  i received warnings not to get my hair done there so i was going to get a pedicure because i had a gift certificate.  she told me her employees will only take cash if they have to touch a client's feet.  I may go there just to get bangs trimmed since i do not want to completely waste the certificate, but this place gives me the creeps, sounds dirty, and has beyond bad customer service.  They definitely do NOT know how to run a business and it is obvious why they are not doing well. Sue and Kristi pass the phone back and forth because noone wants to take a call.  she reiterates that the business is doing bad and they need more clients.  i have never experienced a ruder salon, or should i say dead beat shack.
I think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients!  I was all ready to be a new client.  I had a 12:30 appointment with them, and when I arrived at 12:30 on the dot, the place was locked and dark and no one was there!  I waited for five minutes (in the rain), and they still didn't show.  I called and left a voicemail saying that I was still willing to wait, and I understood if there was some confusion, but could they call my cell (I gave them the number, as I had previously given my home number when I made the appointment).  I waited nearby at a coffee shop, went back after another five minutes, and it was still locked and I hadn't received a call.  And I am definitely not estimating the time, either.  I was willing to wait a bit, and I looked very closely at the time on my phone to be sure that I wasn't jumping the gun on calling and then leaving.  Finally, I went on with my day and when I got home, they had left a voicemail on my HOME PHONE, which I had specifically asked them not to call, saying, \""Oh hi.  Sorry you missed me, but I was MAYBE two minutes late at the most.  I hope you haven't left, but you should just call back to reschedule.'  Seriously?  When I was waiting, another woman came to the door.  I thought she worked there, but she was just another client, also trying to get in!  When I told this story at another local business, the women there said that I was probably the fourth person who had had this same experience at this place.  I couldn't believe it.  This place is the worst, and I have never even stepped inside!
Now I'm picky about my hair, but Mane Attractions was so bad that I walked out after about 15 minutes of watching the stylists work on other clients.\n\nI had desperately needed a haircut and walked in for a major trim and re-shaping of my layers.  First, the girl at the counter said my hair might be \""difficult\"" due to the length (it was nearly long enough to sit on at the time) and that I would probably have to stand while it was cut.  Weird, but okay.  Second, no one there knew anything about donating to \""Locks of Love,\"" and I feel like salons should be aware of things like that.  I needed a cut so I went for it anyway.\n\nI watched the two stylists while I waited for my turn.  One stylist told the client whose hair she was cutting that she was going to do something other than what they discussed because it \""wasn't looking right.\""  Ummm, okay.  The other stylist was too busy checking her phone every three seconds to notice she was yanking on her client's hair so hard with the comb that she was giving her poor client whiplash.\n\nAt that point, I just pretended like I had received an urgent text and said, \""I have to leave, so sorry \""as I bolted for the door.
Let me just tell you, I have really, really difficult hair.  type 3b Naturally curly, 100% grey, I dye it dark and mess with the color myself. ( never good)  If you want to know where to get a good haircut you ask someone with my hair. Since I have been going to Mane Attractions I have really LOVED my hair. I have been going there for about 4 years. Kristi was even able to cut my curly hair into a short reverse bob without making me look like i was wearing a helmet. ( you curly girls know what I am talking about). I have had nothing but complements on my hair and even my mom( who is always honest) is impressed. The only complaint I ever have is that yes, sometimes I have gone there on the spur of the moment and it has been closed during the week. I just know to call and schedule things. it is a small business and I get it.  P.S. kids haircuts are only 10$ and My daughter loves it.
My daughter CAN'T pass by here without asking to get something.  All I can say is you had better bring your sweet tooth!
Got a key lime pie from this place. It was horrid. Icing was stale cake thick, crust was not even crunchy or had taste, and the key lime was weak. Pie looked it it was sitting out for a day or 2.
Everytime I eat at this location I end up with a sick stomach.  I don't have that problem at other Arby's.  The dining area is clean and everything else seems ok but I always get a sick stomach.  Maybe they should relook at their food prep.
Without question, this is my favorite thrift store in the greater Pittsburgh region. I find antique kitchenwares here that are older than my grandma, worth $85 if the antique mall is to be believed, and priced at $2.50. The 50%-off sales actually pay off here. The merchandise turns over quickly. The staff is a real cast of characters (don't miss the steelers tattoos!!! i'm seriously serious, they are amazing). there are bicycles for you and your kids in decent-semi-working condition. The balance of stuff is about half and half valuable old vintage and more modern hand-me-downs. The prices are reasonable to cheap. The plastic bags on the wall are often a treasure trove. The kitchen section could outfit your kitchen in fondue pots for days. Most thrift store remodels result in ridiculous high prices to pay for the construction. The remodel here just means a bigger, cleaner store and parking lot. \n\nI have spent, cumulatively, probably  several weeks of my life in this store. This is, hands-down, without question, the thing I miss most about leaving Pittsburgh. This store is the largest single contributor to my wardrobe, outside of H&M.
So I came to this Red White and Blue with high hopes of thrift store mecca, and I will get to how I left empty handed and in tears.  First, I'll walk you through my experience. \n This place is pretty large, and relatively clean, with a nice parking lot.  The racks are packed with clothes - and I mean, hard to move the hangers because there is so much stock, which can be a pro or a con depending on how you like it.  I found it a bit cumbersome since although the clothes are organized by type (dress vs. blouse) there is NO size separation.  In a place this huge, it takes quite a long time to find what you're looking for without the size separation.  But, I'm not one to abandon a bargain because I don't want to look around (after all, that is what its all about), so I gave a good 30 min-45 and got a handful of garments to try on.  (I would typically spend a few hours, but I was trying to spare a friend not as keen on secondhand garments).  With my carefully extracted finds I searched in vain for a fitting room, never to find one.  After asking the staff where it was, I had to take a seat and leave my jaw dropped for a while because THERE IS NO FITTING ROOM! \nI couldn't take this fact into my brain, and although there were some household items I wanted to go back and buy, I was too upset to continue.  (Sidenote: yes, I can understand how this can work for the RWB, but imho it is unforgivable, and I wish there was at least some warning before spending my time searching for a bargain when I couldn't even see if it would fit). \n\nI would recommend this store if you are looking for something specific secondhand especially for dishes, or older electronics, or even beauty products.  There was even a used Nikon SLR with a wide angle lens ($200 though)!  \nBut if you plan on buying a sundress, and don't plan on stripping down in front of your fellow thrifties, you'd better be confident in your purchase.  RWB is just like any other thrift store, and you can't return or exchange your items, so you'd be out of luck and out of money.
I cannot imagine a more miserable place to shop than this jam-packed monstrosity.  This is a store that makes me thankful for Goodwill and The Salvation Army resale stores.  The customers and the staff are miserable at Red White and Blue.  The clothes are priced far higher than other such shops.  Merchandise is not refundable or exchangeable, and there are no fitting rooms!  One purchases clothes at their own risk!  What person would buy a suit under these conditions, hoping the pants will fit?  Unlike other stores, there is no senior discount and no credit cards accepted, a rare cash only business.  To the reviewer who boasts that everything is 50% off every day, how is that a sale?  It is bogus pricing.  Red White and Blue, uggh!
Love the store. Great stuff, High price. Buyer BEWARE of the RUDE cashier SYLVIA, extremely unpleasant, unwilling to help and always with NEGATIVE attitude. She needs customer service training....Someone please tell her to stop complaining about other customers or employees....Cashier that does window display is always kind, friendly and helpful.
Prices not great for true thrifters. Staff completely useless. No dressing rooms. I simply have nothing to say about this place.
I love love LOVE this store. I thought the one on Saw Mill Run was great but this was i think is way awesomer. If only awesomer were a word. I love to go here and find lots of home decor items to decorate my house. candle holders, DIning sets, paints, sculptures and sooo much more. I found this small desk lamp that has a victorian look to it with the shade included for $4. The lamp shade was made of some kind of smooth material almost like leather. It's such a great find. There are plenty of items for sale at this place and most of them are in great shape. \n\nSo the clothes which occupy most of the store are the best find. The Store has certain days that offer you %50 certain color tags. I went on a Monday and it was half off yellow and white tags. Other days its half off blue, or green or red. I love to go on Saturdays!! This past week it was half off every tag except white. I found so many items for such a cheap price. $7 shirts for $3.50 and tunics for $4. Have you ever find items for $1?? I have!!! I love when I find a great shirt or sweater for $3 or less. Or when you find a brand new item with the tags on them for under $7. I bought a brand new pair of Arizona Jeans (in my size) for $5. I couldn't believe it. I was too excited.\n\nThe clothes are organized by color but not by size which is a good and bad thing. I like to shop by color since I don't wear too many yellows or purples. I can avoid those sections all together but when I do find a nice shirt in the color I want the size becomes an issue. There were a lot of nice shirt that were just too small or too big. Even when i have to pass on a nice shirt I tend to find one that's just as good at the same price. \n\nShopping here is a gold find!! My sister was the one who introduced me to this store and i used to make fun of her for shopping thrift. If I had known that It was nothing like the Good Will I would have been here a lot sooner. Now my sister makes fun f me for going so often. What an amazing place this is!! I'll probably never shop retail again!!\n\nREMINDER: CASH ONLY!!\n-But they have an ATM!! $2.50 fee
This is one of the true sleepers of \""neighborhood Pittsburgh.\"" Since 1979, this \""diner/family restaurant\"" has been serving excellent breakfasts and home-cooked dinners. The staff has been there as long.\n\nThey have some of the best fresh-brewed iced tea in the city. They also have my favorite pancakes. If you're looking for a cheap, low key, dependable place to go, come home at 8 o'clock one evening, sit in the window, and especially around the holiday season, I assure you that it will be one of the best \""old time\"" meals you'll ever have. \n\nI hate its name, but I love the Rusty Nail.
The home-cooked breakfasts at The Rusty Nail in Bellevue are wonderful, prices are reasonable, the wait staff are gems, and is often bragged about by Bellevue locals.  That said, two stars is all I can muster primarily due to the tiny, cramped dining area.  I've witness people at three tables being disrupted while they are eating so departing diners would have enough room to push their chair away from the table and pass by others just to leave.\n\nDon't get me wrong, I adore that Pittsburgh is a small, friendly city, but I'm not fond of getting elbowed in the back as the guy behind me cuts his breakfast steak and eggs, nor knowing his guest gargled with Cool Mint Listerine this morning (or worse, didn't) .  Yes, the tables are packed THAT close together.  And whatever you do, don't dare bring a large friend here to dine when it's busy unless you enjoy feeling like a complete 'jag off' for doing so on the way out.
I really wanted to like the Rusty Nail.  I love little local restaurants like this.  But it really is a very tight squeeze, to begin with.  They really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room.  We were right on top of another table with two very loud young children, and there was just no buffer.  And the food was.... just so bland!  I get that it was supposed to be homestyle cooking, but it just had no flavor.  To be fair, we did go for dinner, and I understand that this place is more of a breakfast joint, so I would be willing to try it again sometime for breakfast.  For dinner though, unless you like super-bland food, I probably wouldn't return for seconds.
Given that the Rusty Nail has been highly recommended to me as a good breakfast spot by various sources, I'm sad to say I was sorely disappointed. \n\nThey have a wide selection of breakfast options.  However, even with numerous breakfast specials listed, not one included eggs, meat, potatoes AND toast.  Yes, that's right.  I had to order the eggs, bacon and toast special with a side of the potatoes.  When my food was served, the portions were average except for the side order of potatoes.  I did greatly enjoy the potatoes, though, which I ordered deep fried.  My dining companion ordered the French toast with ham and enjoyed it very much.  \n\nWe were here on a weekday morning so we didn't have to worry about it being crowded.  The service was good.  And it's not that I thought anything was bad, it's just that, as the two star rating says, \""Meh, I've experienced better.\""  Given the plethora of choices in Bellevue, this will not be my first stop should I find myself on Lincoln Avenue for breakfast again.
I always see this place, and Saturday we decided to stop in for lunch. The atmosphere was pleasant. My boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich, which he loved. I however, ordered the steak and cheese pita and was extremely disappointed. The pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible. It was very steak-um like and saturated with grease. When I picked up the sandwich grease poured from it. I'm not one to send back food, and that's my fault, but the waitress came by once as I was eating, over heard me upset about my food, looked at me then continued on her way. Needless to say I don't think I will be returning.
I had one of the breakfast specials and it was fantastic. There was also a continuous flow of coffee, which is always nice. Probably just missed the church crowd so it wasn't too busy either. Definitely a good breakfast spot.
Place has amazing omelettes that are almost as big as the size of the plate. You get a really big side of home fries too. This is probably my favorite place for breakfast in Pittsburgh. I generally go in and get a seat right away without waiting. Service is usually fast and friendly. Two downsides to the place. 1) they are cash only which can be an inconvenience. I never remember to have cash until I get my bill so I have to run to the ATM. 2) the seating is limited and the tables are very close to each other so people there can most likely hear your conversations. Place overall is excellent and is worth a try at least for breakfast. The lunches and dinner selections aren't bad either!!
The food at Joe's Rusty nail is GREAT. As the pictures will show, the servings/portions are plentiful. The service is quick, and the staff personable. I went there for breakfast AND everyone in our group left sated!! As always I had my kid carnivores in tow, and as is their custom they laid waste to EVERYTHING edible that was put before them. While they are a TAD (and I do mean tad)  bit pricey I believe that the food is more than worth it. The clientele (what I can only believe are Bellevue regulars) are polite and inviting. My breakfast was made well, tasted great, and dressed pretty as a picture. I will tell you this is not my first rusty nail rodeo and lord willing it will not be my last. As I say I vote with my feet and my USD, and the staff at rusty nail can sleep well tonight knowing that my hard earned cash, will continue to flow at Joe's and my feet will continue to bring me there hopefully more often than not!!
This place is overpriced and the service is not good at all.  When we where there children were riding bikes in the lot near the tables.  One almost hit our child.  Another customer said that if the owner had been there she would have not allowed the bikes to be there.  The cone was large to say the least but the taste left something to be desired.  Not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby.  Our children were exposed to language that would have made a sailor blush.  We will not be back.  Also they will accept a credit card but not a debit card?????  Please get up with the times.
First time here and I wasnt impressed at all!  I should have gone to the dairy queen :-(
Sometime ago,I was looking for someone to service my Grandfather clocks in my home. After extensive research,I ran across these folks. I couldn't be happier with the result of their visitation. The knowledge they possess and the professionalism with which they practice,is impeccable! ALL of my clocks are running at peak performance;they even took the time to look at my \""Black Forest\"" cuckoo clocks and passed on valuable advice as to how I should maintain them. I graciously appreciate their time,demeanor,and service! I wish no one else to service my clocks in the future! YOU CANNOT GO WRONG WITH THESE FOLKS! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Thank-you so much for all that you have done to restore my precious time pieces!
I can not express my thanks & gratitude enough to everyone at Paul's Clock Repair.  I needed an Atmos clock repaired, which was given to me by my mother who had recently passed away.  I needed it done on a short time line since I live out-of-town and was leaving soon.  It is next to impossible to find anyone who can actually fix that type of clock especially anywhere close to where I live.  They were so accommodating and really really helped me out during a hard time.  Much thanks to Lisa for spending the time to teach my about the clock & how to take care of it and her dad for fixing it up!  My Atmos clock is now working great and looks wonderful on my mantle!
My beer distributor of choice - and there are others located closer to me.\n\nLet's be clear, it is no frills, cases of beer stacked up, limited cases in the cooler.  Selection is ok - if I were looking for something obscure - I wouldn't count on them having it.\n\nBut they are helpful and efficient.  They have convenient hours and parking**.  Also they helped me out in a keg emergency that saved a party.  Service in a jam earns my loyalty.\n\n**Note - most of their customers have no idea how to park in said parking lot.
Ha! The parking lot is good, and yet nobody can ever park properly or politely! This is a good distributor that is conveniently located, well-stocked, and has friendly staff. It is a little unfortunate that the only cases that are kept in the cooler are the less exotic beers, but their selection is fairly broad, and the space is small, so I won't dwell too much on that. Overall, a decent beer shop, as long as we are shackled to the idea of the distributor here in PA.
In my opinion, this is the best distributor in the city. The people running it are great, the selection is very good, and the prices are competitive with almost any other place I've been to. Because I'm not too picky, I typically have been stopping right at the front to buy the discounted brew that's usually out of season. You can't beat buying a case for $12.99. I'll continue to go here for my beer needs until I leave the city.
Love these guys! I have a huge picnic every year for my job, and I always use Pistella for my beverages.  They're nice folks, always get the order right, and it's on time.  I've also been to the store itself many times, and they do indeed have a great selection.
Animal Elegance is not much on the outside but the owner was very nice & LISTENED to how I wanted my teacup poodle groomed and used the products that I requested.\nI was very happy with my services and I will return. \n My poodles groom was $50,including tip, which I think is very reasonable.
I had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer. My dog  was not groomed to my specifications; infact she was butchered. I went to the trouble of taking a photo of my dog with  the haircut that I wanted, as well as speaking with the woman who assured me she would be grooming my dog. The owner groomed my dog, not the woman that I spoke with and she looked nothing like my dog when I picked her up. The owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service. Do not take your dog there to be groomed!
They made my Portuguese Water Dog look horrible. \n\nThey actually sheared all the fur from my dog claiming that it was matted and therefore they had no choice. This isn't true as I personally brush my dog every morning. When I complained, the owner said: \""But we did tell you that we will cut the dog's fur short.\""  Yes, they did, and I thought that considering that the days are hot in August, they are proposing a little cooler grooming. I never expected them to just shear the dog to the skin. \nI think they did it because they are hopelessly irresponsible. Although they charged $70 for this brutally simple operation they have not even trimmed dog's ears and tail. Consequently, the dog has disproportionally long hair on its tail and the ears. \nI used Animal Elegance for more than a decade. Long before current management took over. Over all these years I sometimes took in stride their accessional compromise of standards and always paid their exorbitant prices without complaint. However, this fragrant negligence, combined with their total disregard of the fact that I was an old and loyal customer did it. I will avoid this place from now on and would like to suggest that you do the same.
This is my go to place to get my Yorkiepoo groomed. The surrounding area looks a little \""sad\"", but let's face it, lots of areas look like that here in Pittsburgh. Inside, however, the place appears newer and well kept. My dog has gotten consistently good haircuts here and she's always in a good mood when I pick her up. That's a keeper in my books! Oh, and the cost is about $45-50, which I'd say is average for most groomers I've gone to.
I wound up here the other night after walking down the street because of a 45 minute wait at Point Brugge Cafe.  While my friends and I were leery of the prices on the menu, the owner cajoled us into coming inside and were seated right away.  I'm glad he did!  The menu is rather expansive, but mainly focuses on Italian fare with an occasional jab at the more popular Pointe Brugge up the street: mussels and fries.\n\nIt happened to be lasagna night.  Because I am used to the home cooked variety, I had a hard time shelling out $18 for lasagna.  I selected the wild mushroom and spinach option and it also came with the soup of the day, which happened to be gumbo.  Both were very good.  The gumbo had a very earthy taste along with good amounts of sausage, jumbo lump crab, and risotto mixed in.  Rather than being the layered the lasagna was one giant noodle, the size of the entire plate, stuffed with a generous amount of mushrooms and spinach folded over itself with marinara and cheese.  Didn't get a chance to try dessert.\n\nBoth items I had were rather tasty, and I would easily come back here for a great meal.
I made it back here about two weeks ago.  I must say the experience was night and day compared to the one at the end of July.  Whether or not it was an off night I do not know, but the place was loud and crowded, the service was bad, and the food was mediocre at best.  I should have just waited it out at Point Brugge.  I won't becoming back anytime soon.
I've been told several times that this place had a great brunch.  Upon arrival, the menu was very limited and the service was abysmal despite a nearly empty restaurant.  We literally waited 15 mins. at our table and then left prior to ordering.
I often have lunch at the nearby Point Brugge Cafe, but I decided to give Pino's a try today for a change of pace.  Bad idea.  My lady friend and I started with a pair of appetizers: greens & beans and \""Italian frites.\""  The latter, which the menu described as \""fresh cut, twice cooked, fresh herbs & roasted garlic,\"" were basically just regular-ass french fries - decent, but nowhere near worth their $6 price tag.  The greens and beans were even more of a rip-off: 8 FREAKIN' DOLLARS for a smallish bowl of rather flavorless produce.  Talk about a profit margin!\n\nAs a main course we shared a flatbread with goat cheese, caramelized onions, and roasted red pepper.  It was pretty good, but my enjoyment was diminished by the FM radio that was blaring through the loudspeakers.  Who wants to hear car commercials while eating a meal at a \""nice\"" restaurant?  Classless.\n\nConclusion: I'd rather wait 45 minutes for a table at Point Brugge than be seated immediately at Pino's.
Pino's appears to fashion itself something of a nouveau-Italian, smart casual neighborhood restaurant, and it's literally just that. Translation: the menu is uninspired and predictable. A relatively encompassing selection of appetizers and entrees revealed not quite a soul-crushing, but certainly a lackadaisical attitude toward ingredients, recipes and presentation, though the service was refreshingly excellent. Unfortunately, the only other reason you'd be dining in Point Breeze would be to enjoy the amazing Point Brugge Cafe just down the street. As a previous reviewer mentioned, I stopped in simply because the Brugge was full, but I unfortunately won't be making that mistake again.
What a disappointment!! Evening started pretty badly and did not get much better.  \nWe had reservations for 5 people at 7PM this past Saturday. Two of us were there early and rudely treated by the hostess. She was vague about seating us and we decided to wait at the bar. When the rest of our group arrived (on time!!), I informed the hostess and she looked at me blankly and then the packed restaurant.  She told me it would be awhile. Huh? When asked what \""awhile\"" was, she said 20min.  But then seated us in 5 (she had to bus a table which I take it as one of the things she dislikes about her job - that and people).\n\nFood was a let down. Potato latkes were greasy and blah.  Fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks.  Pumpkin risotta was heavy and confusing flavor wise.  Others had the same sentiments.\n\nService was rough.  Long waits and lack of attentiveness. Noise level (couldn't converse at all) made the night just a bit harer to tolerate.\nNot sure Pino's will get a repeat visit.  Disappointment:(
Bland food and poor service. Its a shame since it's a great location and could be much more, especially since there is always overflow from nearby point brugge.
Enjoyed a wonderful evening eating outdoors on a perfect Pittsburgh spring night.  The charcuterie plate worked well as an appetizer for 3 and included a fantastic balsamic dressing.  I had the best pasta and white clam sauce I've ever experienced, and the other members of our party enjoyed their entrees, as well.  Nice find in the Point Breeze neighborhood.
this place had a great selection. The mussels were outstanding and the staff was very professional!!. TRY IT YOU WILL LIKE IT!!!!!
BEFORE Pino's was renovated, it was a tiny, unpretentious, hole-in-the-wall restaurant with a friendly atmosphere, and amazing Italian food. It was also a BYOB, which I love. This was our \""go-to\"" restaurant.\n\nAFTER Pino's was renovated, there was a complete transformation. While the interior is now very nice, It's no longer a BYOB, and the staff is full of attitude, which seems to stem from the total arrogance of Pino himself.\n\nOn our most recent visit, we were a party of four with reservations at 7:30 PM. We arrived at 7:25, and weren't even acknowledged until 7:40 PM. Pino was playing maitre d', and when he finally acknowledged our presence he seemed totally clueless and was overtly UN-apologetic. There were no open tables, despite having reservations. When 8:00 PM rolled around, I was frantically calling other local restaurants to see if we could get in. No such luck, since it was prime dining time on Saturday night. Finally, around 8:30 PM, the waitstaff brought a two person table up from the basement, crowded four chairs around it and jammed it into the middle of the restaurant for us to sit in. Pino then literally threw our menu's at us, and walked away. Not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience.\n\nThe food is still good here, but I refuse to give my money to someone who CLEARLY does not appreciate your business. There are SO many good restaurants in the area, with owners/chefs who are happy to have you. Next time you think about going here, walk an extra block to the Point Brugge Cafe.
I went to Pino's to celebrate a friends birthday on a Thursday night.  I hadn't been in Pino's since they renovated, but I have to say that they made the interior beautiful.  We made reservations, but I don't think we would have needed them since there was just a few other parties seated when we came in.  \n\nMy two girlfriends and I always have a tough time deciding what to order...so naturally we order one of everything that looks good.  We started with the Charcuterie platter, which was a mix of absolutely delicious prosciutto, capicola, and soppressata with a bit of veggies and mozzarella.  This was an impressive way to start out the meal.  We all wanted to try the seasonal ravioli, which was pumpkin (too tempting for three certified pumpkin fanatics), so we got an order to share as an appetizer.  This was unlike other pumpkin ravioli I've had...very pumpkiny.  The ravioli was good, although we all agreed that we wouldn't have been able to eat a whole order.  It was very sweetly spiced and I was missing a little bit of savory with the dish.  \n\nI ordered the grilled sausage pizza for my entree, and was pleased with it.  I admittedly never get too excited about pizza, and this was good, but nothing that I was dreaming about later that night.  Overall, the food was a 3-4 for me.  \n\nThe service was outstanding.  Our waiter was very welcoming and knowledgable.  My friends got dessert, and when the chef (I assume Chef Pino?) came over to ask how it was, my friend jokingly said that it was delicious, but would be perfect with a bit of sauce.  Before she could take another bite, he whisked both of the desserts away and added fresh strawberries and sauce, saying that he would be serving the dish that way for now on.  Talk about service!  The whole experience was fantastic, service gets a 5.  \n\nAdded bonus:  Awesome beer selection, some brews I haven't seen.  Only place I've been that had East End Homewood Reserve on tap for me to try (exciting for a beer dork like me, and it is tasty, by the way).
The food here is ok but not worth the price. $15 corking fee? $9 a glass of garbage wine? Me thinks not.\n\nWhat really tops it off is the owner is beyond rude and doesn't care about the business. I heard it used to be much better but now I don't know anyone who eats there...
Another really good meal here!  My friend and I went for soup and appetizers--and licked the plates clean!  Gazpacho, pasta fagiole, homemade bread, eggplant with mozzarella and my favorite...the roasted veggie platter.  So much food we didn't think we would eat it, but it was so good we did!  They also had their doors open and we were able to sit outside in the cool summer air--great way to kick of summer!
I decided to try Pino's due to the restaurant week special and boy am I glad that I did! My husband and I made reservations for four on Friday night. We were seated almost immediately on the lovely outdoor patio area. It was a great night to be outside. Although the restuarant is small, the ambiance is wonderful. I could tell thet the guests around me were enjoying themselves as well.\n\nThe table decided to order the 3 course menu for 30$ because of the large amount of options. We each decided on a different entree so that we were able to share and get a good idea of all the restaurant has to offer. I started off with a mixed green salad with grileld pears, walnuts and goat cheese. The pears had a nice smokeyness about them that complimented the sweet vinagarette. For my entree, I chose the Arrabiata with rigatoni. The dish was very good but much more spicy than I had expected. I feel that they should have informed me of this or explained the spice level on the menu. Luckily, I enjoy spicy food but I was unable to finish the entree due to the spice level. It was slightly less spicy when I finished it for lunch the next day. My husband had the veal and risotto which he loved. For dessert, I orderedthe peach mille feuille. The portion size was enormous and the peaches were ripe and tasty. However, the marscapone filling hardly tasted of marscapone. I had the opportunity to try my husband's white chocolate tiramisu and was pleasantly surprised by the light but still rich flavors. Our dinner guests also seemed to enjoy their choices as well. \n\nOverall, I would definitely recommend Pino's for a nice, romantic date night out in Point Breeze. However, I wish they offered the 3 course menu as a regular feature.
I grew up just the street from Pino's and my family were probably its most regular customers -- we got take-out at least once or twice a week for many many years, and always enjoyed the pizza and hot subs. I've just been back for the first time in 6 years after moving away, and was pretty unimpressed... The decor looks nice, but the food was wayyyyy overpriced for what it was. $22 dollars for a plate of pasta, really? It claimed to be \""fresh pasta,\"" but it was completely tough and chewy (not \""al dente,\"" just undercooked), and not very large. I'm not sure when the restaurant changed, but I think it really missed the mark... People WANT a casual, friendly, affordable neighborhood place that they can bring the kids to. Why take that away?
My husband and I celebrated our one year wedding anniversary this past weekend and since we recently have moved into a new area of town, we made reservations here because word on the street was that it was good. Verdict? It was so-so. We had reservations at 7:15 and were seated promptly, which was fine, except we were seated OUTSIDE! Listen folks, it's COLD when the sun goes down. They have three tables set outside, I guess trying to squeeze out some more business. Our server was nice, but not attentive at all.  We were left waiting for things for 10-20 minutes at a time. Also, because we were sitting on the sidewalk, people and animals and cars kept sweeping by us. It took the waiter three tries to get our meal order because he had to keep stepping out of the way of people walking down the street. Wine was good. Food was ehhhhhh. We had the mussel and clam appetizer and when it came out, about 1/2 of the order was not edible and all the innards had fallen into the sauce, which by the way smelled like stinky cheese. My dinner and my husbands dinner was good, no real complaints there. Espresso and a S'more cupcake for dessert and I grand total of $134 later before tip? Definitely not worth it at all.  The best part of the night? Leaving. The worst part of the night? Associating this place with my anniversary.
Stopped in without a reservation around 7 pm. I ordered the house soup. It was very yummy. The soup was a tomato based soup with noodles and chick peas. I also tried the sausage flatbread. The flatbread sizing easily fed one. My boyfriend shared with me. The tomato sauce and peppers on it really made the flatbread. \n\nI really one to come back int the summer when the front windows are opened and enjoy some wine and small dishesa
Nice atmosphere with above average food. This restaurant has a lot of potential. The wait staff was far below average: They were slow, and we had to ask multiple times for things. They were not the most polite wait staff, and our waitress was either a little demeaning or very socially awkward.
We were huge fans of Pinos a few years back before the wine bar concept was adopted. In all honesty, we haven't been back for a year though we kept saying \"" we have to get to Pinos!\"" Needless to say, we were disappointed.  The place has changed and not for the better.  It seems in an effort to create a quaint wine bar, Pinos lost sight of the original draw and that was the food.  The menu has been scaled back considerably.  Though the food was adequate, it's not the same.  I came here because the food was amazing and with that no longer being the case, I doubt we will return.  Hopefully, things will change back to how they were.  Customer advice for what it's worth.  Refocus on great italian food not a wine bar concept.   Sometimes a liquor license is not the best investment!!!
I went to Pino's with my three other friends for Restaurant Week and was underwhelmed and completely disappointed. We chose an option for each course of  the very limited Restaurant Week menu. I selected the baked eggplant caprese appetizer, Lazy Man lasagna Florentine and then the panna cotta for dessert. \n\nBaked eggplant caprese: the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess. \nLazy Man Lasagna Florentine: it was essentially two huge lasagna noodles sandwiching huge clumps of spinach (I'm talking like a 3-inch high pile of clumped spinach) with a few mushrooms peppered in. The spinach ratio was out of control and I honestly ate a few bites and couldn't even continue. \nPanna cotta: this was the most decent of the items we ordered.\n\nMy friend ordered off the regular menu, which she advised not to do since her food would come out at a different time?? Why? \nWe tried my friend's appetizer of the Italian Fries, which are described on the menu as sounding very similar to the amazing fries at Point Brugge...but it was just a bowl of regular French fries, which were lackluster and misleading. She also got the house soup with chickpeas and it looked like Spaghetti-o's and tasted even worse.\n\nI don't know where all the positive reviews are coming from. There was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way. All of it was overpriced and below mediocre. I wasted my money, and I will never, ever go back there.
I live in Connecticut and visit family in Pittsburgh often. Pino's is my favorite Pittsburgh restaurant. \n\nI don't have one favorite dish because I usually order one of the specials, which change often. I ordered from the regular menu for the first time a couple of weeks ago. The Bolognese sauce on tagliatelle pasta (I think the menu has it on rigatoni) was as good as what I had in Italy. My son had the seafood risotto. It was so good, I need to order it next time.\n\nMy brother is a retired chef and hates to eat out because few restaurants are worth paying for what he can make better at home. He loved his meal and his tastes of everyone else's at the table (there were 10 of us). He was giddy to enjoy eating out for the first time in in a long time.\n\nOh, they also make great cocktails and have a very, very nice wine list.\n\nOh, if you think you can only get good fries and mussels at the Belgium place around the corner, try Pino's. The fries are topped with crispy herbs... yum!\n\nNo, it isn't cheap. But, I'm happy to pay for quality.
I went to Pino's recently, only to be disappointed by the owner himself. I guess I should have read the reviews on here before going, seeing as a lot of people echo the sentiments that I feel.\n\nAfter my mother sent back her extremely oversalted steak, the chef came out to \""apologize\"". It was very embarrassing how he chastised her for not enjoying her meal. He then snidely commented, as walking away, that he would \""never salt his steak again\"". I don't really take kindly to people speaking so rudely to my mother. She was very polite about sending it back and certainly didn't deserve any attitude. We had an event to attend, which we were very clear with to our waitress. So when my mother reordered another meal (a salad), which took another twenty minutes, my mom asked for it to be immediately wrapped up. The chef returned, obviously chewing to make a point, and sneered at my mother, announcing her steak that she refused to eat was actually quiet good. Well, I have never felt more embarrassed in a situation. I said he was being rude to my mother, a paying customer. He proceeded to get heated and tell me it was not his job to make people happy (!??!) and that everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal and we just had to get to the inside of the steak to appreciate it. \n\nThe drama continued when he did not have change for $100 for a $57 bill. Sorry, how can you not have $33 in change?! He ended the night by throwing our bill in a crumbled mess on the floor and walking out. \n\nOverall, embarrassing. It was an embarrassing situation for anyone to witness. Take heed of the negative comments on this site. I certainly wish I would have.
Very disappointing meal.  After waiting for a half hour, my meal arrived and we were told that my friend's meal would be coming in a few minutes. Very awkward.t.  Salad was average at best.  The beets tasted like canned beets and the chicken was covered with blackish oil from a burnt oil pan.\n\n  Then, to make matters worse the chef came out to argue with a patron who returned her food.  The chef came out to humiliate the customer explaining that her returned steak was great and himself was enjoying it.  Eating food from a customers plate was a real turn-off....what else does he do when cooking? \n\nTo make matters worse, when paying the bill, the chef did not have change for a $100 bill for the customer who returned her steak..  It was very uncomfortable watching the elderly customer and her young friend deal with the situation. He kept  loudly requesting a credit card  and the women did not have one.   Another customer provided them with change as the chef crumbled the check. I think I would have just left and not paid....give the lady great for dealing with such a lunatic.\n\nLong story short....if you want to eat below average food and watch a chef loose it....this is your place!
This was the place I brought friends visiting from out of town when I wanted to show them the classy Italian  spots in Pittsburgh. After my visit last night, I have no desire to ever go again. \n\nI don't know the owner, Joe, personally but he has stopped by our table a few times and said \""dish looks beautiful.\"" He was always confident in his food which I guess is a good thing if the good is delicious,  which it usually is  \n\nThe table next to ours had a two women, a mother and daughter. The mother asked the server for a new steak as hers was a bit salty (I've never had the steak as I'm vegetarian but my guests have mentioned the abundance of salt). The server apologizes and returns to the kitchen. The owner comes out and fakes an apology claiming his steaks are perfect. At this point the whole restaurant is listening it's that crazy.  The  best part? He comes out again and says \""I really enjoyed the steak you sent back.\"" He was eating the steak and had some in his mouth! I can't make stuff like this up!\nAt this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter. Clearly an awkward situation. The owner got so nasty the daughter tried to reason with him and he said \""it's not my job to make people happy\"" that's strange considering he wants our business. \nSo the mother tries to pay the bill with a $100 and leave but he said they can't make change. Eventually another customer helps make change and they leave.\n\nI couldn't finish my dinner I was so mad.  Maybe Joe was having a bad day but there is no excuse for how he treated those customers.  Sorry, we will never step foot in here again.
If you don't like your food... do not send it back to the kitchen... The \""Chef\"" will come out and scream at you... Stay away from this place.
Great
Definitely overpriced for what they offered.  Took my car in to check my AC, they didn't get back to me for the whole day, and decided to fix whatever the problem was without asking me and charging me an insane about (approximately $150 more than most places).  Definitely will not go back there again.
I was passing through Pittsburgh and discovered a headlight was out.  I found Bastone through Yelp and drove over.  \n\nThey fixed the light on the spot charging me $12.  First impressions are great - very clean repair shop and the service for this minor repair was done in a friendly and welcoming manner.
Love this place, really nice people willing to help and pretty decent prices..
This Giant Eagle truly is giant!  And believe me, that's about all it has going for it!  You would think that this means you can find what you want, and generally you can, but it also means enormous crowds, no matter when you shop here.\n\nYou know that a trip to a large, \""one size fits all\"" chain grocery store like this is not quite the same as shopping at Macy's or Boscov's.  You know that it's pretty hard to give a place like this five stars.  Its purpose is purely utilitarian.  But good gravy, you'd think that a place like this could handle large crowds.  It shouldn't take you a half-hour just to get one item.  \n\nThat's what happened to me yesterday.  I would have been better off going to Cogo's or 7-11.  I might have paid a bit more, but I would have been in-and-out in under five minutes.  I prefer the Giant Eagle in Squirrel Hill.
I have to agree that this is one of the poor examples that Giant Eagle has.  Granted, it has the basics you need, and is 1 of the biggest in the city itself.  Finding things takes work.  My big gripe is that it has one of the weirdest and most illogical layouts that I've seen.  It actually takes time to find what you need as compared to most stores where once you are in there a few times, you easily find everything.  Parts of this store are diagonal and that causes you to go in every direction possible.  Here is a quick summary of the setup as it can be classified as a maze:\n\n1.) When you enter the store through the slow wide door, you go to the left and walk past the front registers to produce.  Normal enough.\n\n2.) From produce in front of you (a quasi L-shaped department), you take a quick left and go diagonally to the right to walk past the pharmacy.  Take a hard right down aisle 1 and then you hit the bakery.   \n\n3.)  From the bakery, you walk along a long meat wall.  Diagonally to the left, you'll find the service meat/seafood counters. And because how the wall goes diagonal to the left, the sign for Aisle 9 is facing diagonally to the right so you don't miss it because the 1 side is longer towards the back than the other. (Aisles 9-14 are almost twice as long as 1-8).\n\n4.) From meat, you have frozen straight back on a long back wall in its own cove.  A hard right (if you bypass frozen) brings you last to hot foods, the deli, and then facing in front of you, the Customer Service desk which is tucked away in a corner (not really visible when you walk in the store).\n\n5.) Once you pass the deli and customer service, take a hard right, then to the left (almost a U-turn) to the checkouts, and then you take a hard left to leave.\n\nMost of the other Giant Eagle stores are much more logical in how their aisles and deparment locations are set up.   You're not going every which way to try and find things.\n\nAlso, the service isn't that great as one of the other reviews said.  Given that, I would take Market District on Centre Ave or GE on Murray Ave over this store.\n\nHowever, for those who remember the Giant Eagle on Centre Ave at N. Craig St, nothing beats how BAD that store was.  There is a reason that store was nicknamed \""the dirty bird.\""  Compared to that North Oakland store that closed several years ago, Shakespeare St GE is light years ahead.
I cannot in my life understand why this Giant Eagle, of all the Giant Eagles, would get a five star rating.  From the moment you walk into here it's like someone has hit you on the head very hard and you walk around in a confused state the rest of the time you're in there.\n\nThe set up is ridiculous.  I mean, who wants to walk around in the freezer section and then go through a smaller than usual end of the aisle to see, SURPRISE, the meat section hidden off in an area where they could have knocked down the wall so you didn't have to do a little dance to get to it.  Aisles seem extra long in this store, you can tell that they worked with the space they had.  It's like when you are half way through the aisle and realize it's too late to turn around because it's the same distance to the end as it was to the beginning of the aisle, but you kind of just want to give up and sit on the floor because you feel like you've been walking forever.  \n\nHonestly, I only went here because I was at Target and didn't want to venture any further to complete my shopping.
This Giant Eagle seems more like a GetGo than an actual supermarket. As soon as you get in you want to get out as quickly as possible.\n\n You don't want to do any major grocery shopping here. For one, the prices are high. Secondly, this Giant Eagle does not carry everything you need. Who has time to run to another store? Just get your basic necessities here.\n\nAs for produce, it can be awful at times. Whenever I go to Giant Eagle Market District down the street, the produce is fresh and smells invigorating.  However, at Shakespeare, you are bound to find produce with wrinkles, open areas, mold and fruit flies- being sold at the same high prices. I can go to Trader Joe's and find much better produce for less.\n\nA pet peeve of mine is the self-checkout lines. Two of them are express lanes for items less than 12; the other lane has a belt if more than 12 items are being purchased. There should be TWO LINES but for some reason customers want to form one long super line, which holds up everything. The staff rarely sorts this out.\nThe customer service is average here and I don't expect it to get any better.\n\nI only go here if I have to grab one or two items. The best times to go are early in the morning or late at night.
I prefer this store to the Market District on Centre. It's just as overpriced and poorly laid out and maybe a bit grimy, but carries less products to sift through when you just need to grab some simple things, hopefully not produce. Parking is easy and you can hit up the unpretentious Wine and Spirits in the same stop. I think this plaza still exists to prevent impoverished people from venturing into the other newer fancier stores which are a mere half mile away and designed to appeal to people who think they are cultured and discerning.
Been yelled at by other customers (today for instance)...place is super ghetto...avoid at all cost. Today, left a full cart bacause a woman (with a baby in a stoller) shouted at me for \""cutting in line\"". Will never go back. At night it is a nightmare.
I agree with other reviews, this store is poorly laid out and honestly makes no sense. Sometimes bigger is not always better. I used to head here often while living near Shadyside to stop at the Family Dollar & hit GE in one run. \n\nI normally only stopped here for a Redbox movie. My debit card got hacked at an outdoor Redbox at a Get Go so I'll only go to a Redbox that is indoor like this one. \n\nAnyways, I'd hit up the liquor store for some wine afterwards for dealing with long lines/wait & awkward clientele outside.
Ugh. Dirty. Long lines. Walked out without making purchase .
Figure I'd give Supercuts a shot since Giant Eagle sells their gift cards so it is great for fuelperks.  I don't remember her name but she is one of the \""bigger\"" woman there.  I wanted to grow out my hair longer but it was looking messy.  So I asked her for a trim to get the sides/back cleaned up.  She said ok and off she goes.  5 minutes later, we were done.   Yes, just like a bad date, we were done in 5 minutes.\n\nI got home, showered, and saw the damage.  It was messy.  What's worst is every day it grows, it looked even worst.\n\nI'll just stick to my usual barber.
I wish I could return a haircut.\n\nUnfortunately Kelly, Melissa, and Jen were not there so I settled for whoever was free at the time. \n\nWorst trim of my life:\nshe cut off over an inch more than just the dead/split ends\nshe did not cut the hair how I described initially\nshe did not change the cut to how I repeated during the cut when I noticed she was cutting it straight across instead of curving it in the back, which does NOT mix well with my curly hair\nafter retelling her how I wanted it cut, she compared this tragedy to deaths of family/friends and how I should get over it\nthe beautiful long layers I had and wanted again are now choppy, medium layers\nmy left side is even choppier than the right side of my hair\nI fear straightening my hair to make this unevenness less evident\n\nI regret tipping her because I understand how the service industry works because my minimum tip of 20% for all service people is undeserved for her lack of work.\n\nI want everyone to know how the only good hair stylists there are Kelly (who moved to Philly), Melissa and Jen. If they are not available, do NOT risk going.\n\nAlso, the Supercuts Oakland location is horrible at waxing eyebrows unless you are lucky to get the only woman of color there.\n\nWhile it was a $20 cut (after the 20% tip), I know had to buy biotin to grow my hair faster so it is more expensive to me in the end. I hope this proves helpful to all perspective customers!
Terrible! I got a haircut here once and hated it, but kept waiting for it to settle in after a few washes. It never did look right, so I just fixed it at home rather than going back to these incompetent people. I didn't even feel like the hassle of complaining was worth it, as I highly doubted that I'd get any money refunded and I certainly didn't want them to touch my hair again to try to fix it. \n\nI then figured, hey, this place sucks for haircuts but they can't mess up eyebrow waxing, right? Right! But their service is so bad that I gave up on that too -- I got my eyebrows done here a few times with not much trouble, but the last time I went in, I had called ahead to put my name in and was told that I would be next on the list, and to show up in about 20 min. My house is a 20 min walk from there, perfect! I headed out, got there in 20 min, and gave the woman at the desk my name and reminded her I'd called ahead. There was one man sitting there waiting, who I had seen from across the street walking in about 1 min ahead of me. \n\nThe \""stylist\"" was just finishing up a haircut, so I should have been next, right, since I had put my name in before the guy who walked in? Nope! She called him over and I said \""sorry, I think I was next, I called ahead and was told I'd be next in line\"" and the lady said \""oh we don't do that.\"" WTF?? You told me very clearly that you do exactly that, what craziness is this? So I waited, figuring that I'd already invested 20 min into this venture, so I may as well stick it out. \n\nAnd waited, and waited, while one \""stylist\"" cut the man's hair and 2 of them chatted in the back (ironically next to the chair where they do facial waxing). They must have been \""on break,\"" or maybe just terribly rude and idiotic, because I sat there waiting for another full 20 min, and when I finally spoke up again to ask when someone would be available to do my eyebrows. The 2 chatty cathies in the back looked over, very annoyed at my presence, and the woman doing the haircut said \""after I'm done here,\"" and I sat there incredulous for another 2 minutes before getting up and leaving. Will never go back.
Food: There are countless options to choose from for vegetarians or carnivores, but the food is only so-so.  We've ordered takeout numerous times due to proximity, and nothing has been bad, but nothing has been special.  The general Tso's tofu and the Moo Shu vegetables are the best things we've ordered.  The eggplant was soggy and not great.  The portions are large.  Nothing is particularly spicy even if it is mentioned as being spicy on the menu.\n\nPrice: Tasty is cheap.  \n\nDrinks: N/A\n\nAtmosphere: Typical Chinese takeout place.  A photo of every single meal they offer is on the wall.  Located in the plaza next to Pizza Parma.  Decent location for that end of Shadyside.\n\nService: The employees speak poor English but can usually understand what you are askingt/telling them.  The food is usually ready for takeout within 10-15 minutes.\n\n(+): many options, cheap, ready quickly\n\n(-): food is nothing to write home about\n\nWould I go back again? If I'm feeling too lazy/broke to go anywhere else.
This place features everything you can expect from a standard hole-in-a-wall Chinese restaurant. There's zero ambiance, offers quick take-out and the service is rude. I decided to give Tasty a try because it's conveniently located on Highland Avenue and has easy parking.\n\nI ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and Crab Rangoon. Sadly, they prepared Kung Pao Beef instead. It's extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food. It's even more disappointing when the restaurant refuses to correct the order. While it wasn't what I ordered, the food was good...but there is better Chinese food out there.
Tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it was ordered and was cold.  Will never order from here again.
Not Tasty At All.
Never received my order and was left in a bad mood. The driver did not carry GPS for delivery, did not know my address which is right in squirrel hill, did not listen to me (or did not understand me?) when I tried to give him directions, asked me to pick up food from an intersection 0.3 miles away from my apartment in snow, and finally yelled at me to cancel my order. \n\nCannot comment about food, but whatever experience I had left a bad taste.
Home of the Italian Army.\n\nVento's is located in the East Liberty section of Pittsburgh right next to Home Depot. They have been in business forever! They are a pizza and hoagie shop. They are famous for their Italian Army hoagie. I have friends that as soon as they land in Pittsburgh they come straight to Vento's for the pizza! It is Sicilian style pizza and It is delicious! Everything is made fresh so sometimes you have to wait a little while for your food. It's best to call ahead if you're really hungry.\n\nThey have tables and booths for seating. You can even play the PA lottery there. \n\nNo debit or credit cards. CASH ONLY!\n\n(F.Y.I. There is a generic ATM that charges $1.75 to make a withdraw.)
I had heard lots of good things about Vento's. Unfortunately I did not get to experience these things. The service was slow and lukewarm. The pizza was expensive and not the same price in the restaurant as advertised on the website http://www.ventospizza.com/. Also, no credit or debit cards here.  You're directed to the ATM in the restaurant that charges a fee of $1.75.   I ordered ahead and although I had to wait for my pizza when I got there I received it cold and it just was not that good.  I also ordered provolone sticks which also did not taste good.
We were visiting from out of town and just spent 6 hours driving. Found this place, read reviews on Yelp which were OK, and decided to ordered two slices. Hum...sorry not slices. More like two squares of cheesy bread. When we said these aren't slices, the lady at the register looked confused as though pizzas always look like that. We obviously aren't locals by the way we were dressed so the lady (who talked terribly) should have notified us when we first ordered it! They also have pictures of real pizzas on the wall -_-\nIt also took a really long time to cook those little things because they weren't pizzas. Since I was so hungry, i ordered another square of unhappiness and it was handed to me in the cooking wrapper not a paper plate, ugh. Definitely never going there if we come to visit again!
Horrible Food don't waste your money\n\nThis is the worse cardboard covered cheese & sauce so called pizza I've ever had, I haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, Most of the reviews on here rant about what a great place this is how much fun you'll have there. IDK where that place is cuz the one I wan in today in East Liberty by the Home Depot was getto beyond belief the food is bad & the people aren't nice & friendly.\n\nLoudness is an issue there when the lottery area has a sign saying because of back round noise your number may be wrong. Not one person there had decent customer service skills I had to ask the girl 3 times to speak up and I have excellent hearing. I ordered a small pizza I got a medium that was greasy on top but the crust was stale. \n\nI looked forward to getting some great pizza man this place really disappointed me today.
Oh I love this place. Their pizzas are square/rectangle! A single slice is a little pricey for the size, so if you're going to go, get a whole pie. It is in the strangest location (Home Depot's parking lot)!! The picture of the founder is adorable and hilarious. Love this place!
This place has the worst service I've ever seen. I called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be 15 mins. When I got to the counter, the lady working rudely told me to wait for my name to be called because she didn't have my ticket to ring up the order. Um, okay...then walk over and get it so i can pay for it! So I waited and waited as people who came in long after me got their orders. The \""workers\"" just stand around and spend more time talking to the regulars and trying to act like they are a big deal. I had to leave without my order after 40 minutes. DO NOT GO HERE!
My cousin works here and that's the only reason i know about this place. The crust they use for the bread is so light and airy and i absolutely love it. It makes the eating experience that much more enjoyable.\n\nI always order a slice or two with sausage and mushrooms because I love the little crumbly sausage that they add to the pizza. Plus if you dip it in ranch (big fattie) it taste even better. \n\nI took the hubby there just this week and he agreed that it is very good. They have tons of specials and even more menu options. We ordered the medium pie and 12\"" hoagie for only $13. Really good deal and the italian hoagie was not too bad. I do wish however that it was a little thicker. Maybe add some more lettuce and tomatoes for fullness. By the time we got it home it was like eating a lunch meat sandwich. Still delicious but I would have like a little more bite in my hoagie.\n\nThe interior is a little outdated but they have a bunch of steeler memorabilia hanging up. Also, if you like to play the lottery they have a small window for buying and playing the numbers. Waste of money if you ask me but to each his own. \n\nBTW, IT'S CASH ONLY HERE, but they do have an ATM.
This is great, simple, traditional italian american food. The salads are good. The pizza is really great (I stopped ordering from anywhere else).  The veal cannelloni is awesome too.
This was one of the worst dinners out I've had in recent memory. On the other hand, I wasn't expecting much, so I guess the place lived up to my expectations. I've been trying to think of a good way to describe their food, and the best I can come up with is as follows. Imagine a cafeteria pasta dinner you might have been served as a child away at summer camp, and you'll have a pretty good idea. In other words, the food is perfectly edible here, but boring, and nothing you would want to actually pay for. There was nothing disgusting about it, it was just extremely uninspiring. To be fair, I only tried the pasta, bread, salad, soup, and calamari, so maybe they have amazing pizza here... It's possible, although unlikely based on what I've seen.\n\nOn the upside, the service was friendly enough, and there were plenty of empty tables at prime dinner time! If you're hungry, you'll definitely be full when you leave.
I went to this place because I had a LivingSocial voucher. Even with this voucher I feel like I paid too much money. I think I could have had better food if I went over to the Giant Eagle across the street and heated up a Lean Cuisine. I do have to wonder why the owners would put out the living social deal when what really would help business at the restaurant would be simply to improve the quality of the food.\nThe only positives I can give are that it isn't pretentious and the waiter provided very good service. It was almost empty for a Monday at 7 PM, so if you are desperately starving, not able to go to better restaurants nearby or heat up food from your local grocer's freezer, this might be a tolerable food option.  Again, it is advisable to be desperately starving.
The people that work here make an unfortunate incident a breeze to work through.  I woke up one morning to find a note attached to my windshield to inform me that I was the victim of a hit and run.  The damage was minimal, but after calling it into my insurance company, they directed me to come here.\n\nWithin minutes of me hanging up my phone with the insurance company my phone was ringing to indicate that Mikes was calling to set up an appointment to get my car in for an estimate.  I set up an appointment that was convenient for me and went about my day.\n\nWhen I arrived here to have my car viewed it was quite the easy task.  My wait was minimal, the staff were polite and I wasn't being jerked around.  Within five minutes of them looking at my car, I was out the door and heading back to my place.  \n\nUnfortunately, they did not do any work to my vehicle at this point because the police are still looking into the person that hit my car.  But if we get to that step, I am confident that they could not do anything wrong in my eyes.  If their body work for a vehicle is anything like their customer service, they are definitely one of the best places to go in the city.\n\nYes people, this isn't the best neighborhood in the city, but get over it.
Mike's doesn't really need another stellar review on here, but I'll give them another one anyway.\n\nI'm a choir director at a church, and after rehearsal a few weeks ago, one of my choir members ran into my car in the parking lot and crunched the rear bumper. Bummer...\n\nI had never had to file an insurance claim before, and wasn't really sure what to expect. Dealing with Mike's was about as easy as it gets. I called to set up an appointment for the estimate and drove down a few days later. I was only there about 10-15 minutes and got sent on my way.\n\nA few days after that (Monday), I took my car in for the repair. It did take a couple days longer than they said, which is really the only negative thing I can say about Mike's, but considering I didn't have to pay for the rental car, it wasn't a huge deal. When I did get my car back (Thursday), like others have said, it was in even better condition than when I took it in (besides the dent, of course)! They had cleaned/waxed the outside, and even cleaned and detailed the inside! If they just did detailing, I would take my Impreza there every time! Mike's rules!
Mikes took my car after horrible repairs/service from Kenny Ross South.  The service was great and I even got to meet the owner who came out to personally speak with me on a busy Friday afternoon.  Great guys there.
I took my car to Mike's auto body as it's recommended by Geico and is part of their easy claims and repair process.  This was a big mistake.  Like many of the reviewers here, I was initially told it would take a certain amount of time, and then, at the last minute, on the day I was supposed to get my car back, they told me it would be a few more days.  Their excuse?  The headlamp that came in didn't have a bulb with it.  Seriously?  Since this was the Geico rep telling me this I couldn't really argue, but I don't know why Geico keeps working with a business that repeatedly does this to its customers.\n\nI got the car back in great condition, cleaned on the outside, and the console wiped down inside.  All in all, just alright - go here if you're not pressed for time and you've got Geico, otherwise shop around.
I never grew up with a pet so getting one was a new experience. I had always heard kill/no-kill shelters whatever... I got my new dog Crosby from ARL which happens to be a \""kill shelter\"". Thinking about this, I felt truly good getting him there because I felt as though I was saving him from some other destiny. However, he is so cute that I'm sure someone else would have adopted him...\n\nThe shelter itself is large and the volunteers and vet-techs that you interact with are very friendly. The dogs are constantly walked and you can tell the animals receive a ton of love from the staff. Adoption is made easy unless you rent in which case you should probably bring a letter from your landlord stating you are allowed to adopt. Another perk is that when Crosby had \""kennel cough\"" we went after hours to get him some medication and they still let us in and treated him...In short, great adoption experience at ARL.
I could never stop saying good things about the Animal Rescue League! As other reviewers have pointed out, going there both breaks and warms your heart.  I adopted my puppy, Brock, back in January, and I couldn't be happier.  The staff was super helpful and very kind. They gave us enough time to make sure Brock was the right dog for us, and also made sure we knew what we were getting ourselves into. (Brock is a husky mix, so he's a ball full of energy. Great running buddy! :) ) \nI will most definitely be back and plan on telling all friends considering a pet to adopt from the ARL!
I love, love, love my puppy.  After visiting every shelter in the city and finding nothing, we came back the next day after seeing a posting for a 2 month old terrier mix.  Our poor little guy had been dumped in a park and some very nice person brought him to the ARL who took him in, waited 3 days for someone to claim him, and neutered him.  He wasn't even supposed to be on the floor yet when we got there, but they were super helpful and brought him out to us and let us take him home.  The staff there were super helpful and wonderful to my incredibly anxious fiance- imagine a first time dad bringing home the baby!  \n\nThe only reason they only get 4 stars is my poor puppy is SO sick.  We've had him for 3 weeks and he's got an awful cough that hasn't been responsive to any antibiotics.  I know its hard to keep all the dogs isolated, but I really think 8 weeks is a little too early to neuter a puppy especially after being found in a park- too much stress!  Hopefully our little guy starts getting better soon, we're awfully worried about him!  Still love the ARL though!
A few years ago, I lost my partner and love of my life in a tragic accident.  While struggling with my horrific grief and having difficulty getting back into life as I once knew it, my grief counselor suggested that I \""help something else\"" in order to help myself feel better.  We decided that since I was an animal lover I would try volunteering at an animal shelter.  I was not working, so I had a lot of time and wanted the shelter to feel right.  I visited a few, they all do good work, but the one that kept drawing me back was the ARL.  Yes, the building is old, it's a bit run down, but that doesn't stop the staff and administration from doing the best they can with so very little and in not the best of space.  I saw a bathroom be \""renovated into a vet tech office, I saw the janitor's closet renovated and made in to the \""rodent room.\""  Where cats once lived in cages along the halls of the ARL a new building next door, an old gas station was made into the \""Cat Adoption Center!\""  When you have staff that are still young and are going on 5-10 years + at the same shelter, (same place of employment for that matter) you know something about the place is right!  I volunteer easily 30 hours a week at the ARL, I get to see the good, the bad and the ugly, and I can tell you first hand that the good is in the staff, the Executive Director, Dan Rossi, and all of the work that goes on for the animals.  The staff knows EVERY one of the animals, they do all they can to care for them, and keep the doors WIDE open for both domestic and wild animals, even if that means a staff member or volunteer takes a cat or dog home!  The answer is never ever \""no\"" to any animal.  I also volunteer for the Humane Society of the United States and travel around the countryside working on dogfighting raids, cruelty, hoarding, natural disasters, and the ARL has never said no to me when I ask to bring animals back from incredibly sad or inhumane situations.  Technically, by the numbers, it is a \""no-kill\"" shelter, because it is open door people will often call it a \""kill shelter.\""  Yes, sometimes an animal does have to be euthanized.  The ARL is the Animal Control shelter for the city of Pittsburgh and with that can bring some very upsetting and disturbing signs of animal cruelty.  It can also mean it's the dog who just bit a kid that you just saw on the news.  The ARL has an obligation to society to not let dangerous dogs back on the street, to euthanize when a dog is very sick or is very aggressive to humans or other animals, and trust me, I have held many of those dogs as they are put to sleep and I always am so thankful that the vet staff we have are so compassionate and do the euthanasia in the most humane manner.  That's a tough job, it's heartbreaking, but in some cases it has to be done for the good of the animal and for the safety of society.  I admire the work and staff of the ARL and will continue to devote my time to them and thank them for the wonderful work they do on behalf of the city of Pittsburgh and all of the wild and domestic animals alike.  We are so lucky to have them in our area and as our city shelter.
Please do not adopt any pets from here until they update their standards.  I hate to think of animals living in cages, but...\n\n!! At least two cats adopted from here in September have diagnosed with the herpes virus by the vet, and this is contagious to other cats. !!\n\nAKA, it is likely that the shelter staff is not washing hands between handling pets and they are not testing for a virus that can be fatal in kittens.\n\nI recently adopted a kitten from their shelter--I picked him up from their Pittsburgh Public Market adoption station.  I was told that he had been tested for common feline viruses and up-to-date on vaccinations.  These were both untrue statements.  The kitten has the herpes virus and was not vaccinated against this.  My roommate, who was with me, and I were warned about the upper respiratory infection (URI) that can occur because of this virus and others, but we were not told that he was neither tested nor vaccinated for the herpes virus.  They gave me a paper with his vaccinations, but it was in vet-speak, so I took their word for it. \n\nFurthermore, the shelter staff put my kitten in my roommate's name mistakenly (and claimed that if we just called in that they would fix this mistake, but then wouldn't), so when he got sick, no one from their clinic would return my calls--I'm guessing this was since I wasn't the owner according to their records.  I had to email them to get a response, which basically said sorry that we didn't return your calls but this is your problem now.  They never apologized for the kitten's health or asked if he was feeling better.  Where's the compassion for the animal?\n\nSo now I have a very sick kitten on my hands.  I took him to the Big Easy in Lawrenceville when he stopped eating, and Dr. Ruiz is the best.  She took care of him, but it cost $160 to treat the virus he picked up at the shelter.\n\nThe Animal Rescue League shelter/clinic said that it does not and will not cover expenses for this.  After I had already taken him elsewhere, the clinic staff said that they would have given me a discount if I had waited two days to go to their clinic, but who would wait two days while the kitten wouldn't eat??  And now this virus makes him ineligible for pet insurance.  It  will cost hundreds of extra dollars a year to keep him healthy. \n\nHad I not fallen in love with the little monster, I would have taken him back to another shelter.  That's what the person who adopted the other kitten with virus did.  Whenever he gets an outbreak, he will get another URI.  This means a lethargic cat who sneezes, gags, and coughs because he can't breathe and who won't eat because he's too congested to smell his food.  It's very sad--protect your cats with the herpes vaccination, please!\n\nOh, and in case you were wondering: just like in humans, cat herpes is fo' life.  Poor little guy.  This also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future.  Bad shelter!
I adopted a dog from the ARL this past spring.  During the adoption process the employees were polite and seemed genuinely happy for me.  Shortly after the adoption, I received emails from a volunteer to check in and to inquire about how the dog and I were adjusting.  A few months after the adoption, it became clear that the dog had some pretty serious anxiety and behavioral issues (please note that there is no way the shelter staff could have known about the issues while the dog was in the shelter).  I contacted the shelter and they practically  bent over backwards to help me with the dog's issues.  The dog and I participated in two sessions of behavioral classes (Lacey is wonderful and never gave up on my dog!), consulted with veterinary staff, and received constant emails from staff offering suggestions and checking in to see how I was doing.  In the end, I learned how to manage the dog's behaviors and I love the dog dearly.  Nine months later, I still receive emails from the shelter asking about the dog and offering more suggestions.\n\nI would highy suggest adopting from this shelter.  I understand that my dog is sort of a worse-case-senerio of adopting a pre-owned dog; however, this shelter will make sure you are happy with your adoption and literally will do everything in their power to ensure both you and the adopted animal are ok.  The shetler staff care deeply about the animal AND the human's well-being!
Staff members here have always come up short. A past kennel worker  sold his litter of pit bull puppies in east liberty and the shelter was made aware of it  but excused it. \n\nThey will lie to surrendering families because they don't  want the cold hard truth, the good, bad and the ugly to leak out to the public. They lie ! \nThey kill many many animals because of a very subjective behavioral test that their dog hating staff performs .\n\nThey kill more pets for space than any other pittsburgh shelter.\n\nMany volunteers walk on eggshells here because they know an animals life is hanging in the balance and they are afraid to speak up or not allowed back in to volunteer . \n\nWeak leadership. This is the cities highest cat and dog death rate of any shelter or rescue in western pa
This is a terrible shelter.  It appears that they routinely turn away (or kill, unless you state you will take them back) cats because they are \""overcrowded.\""  They will tell you that your cat has a \"" behavioral issue\"" to address turning said animal away. Mark that you will take your cat (or dog, etc.) back or else you risk having them \""put down.\""
I've had such good experiences with ARL, that I will probably return here again and again.  Years ago we adopted a mutt of a puppy that turned out to be the best dog that I could have ever imagined.  But let me talk about my most recent visit.\n\nWhile browsing Facebook, I noticed that they were having an event at ARL.  This particular event was called the Free Fur All.  The event involved free adoption to qualified adopters, free micro-chipping for any pet (adopted there or elsewhere), free dog baths, and goodies for both human and furry companions.\n\nI had plans to get Little Man E microchipped during his appointment to take his manhood away (don't worry, we've talked about it and he is fine by it), but when this popped up and said it was free.  Hot damn, you know I was in line.  It's also probably one of the more easy and humane ways to keep ties on your dog or cat just in case they were to run off one night.\n\nOnce we were registered, we waited at most for 15 minutes.  It's a very quick thing to have done.  Little Man E didn't even flinch.  He was more amused by his reflection in the table than that little pinch behind the shoulder blade.  I have to give huge kudos to the staff there.  They are so very friendly to not only you, but your pet.  It's like they talk their language.  I also have to thank them because while we were there, LME somehow ripped his one toenail and they were kind enough to clip as much of it off as they could (no extra charge either!).\n\nOnce done, we just walked outside to see what was up (E skipped the bath).  We visited one of the tables and E selected a ball and bandanna and we decided to head out after that.\n\nThis place is amazing for so many different pet oriented things.  I'll definitely be coming back here whenever I need something for LME.
I just adopted my second dog from this shelter, I think they're wonderful! You must keep in mind that no rescue shelter is going to look like a 5 Star hotel and be able to keep every animal free from illness, but the ARL does a great job. All pets are spayed/neutered, vaccinated, and receive a microchip. Your first vet visit after your adoption is half-off their already cheap prices at their in-house vet clinic. They also give you a little goodie bag along with the pets vet records.  I'm so thankful for the furry friends I've adopted from the ARL!
Vincent has done several hems and jacket alterations on men suits for me. Items have always been one time and done well. I would recommend this place to anyone searching for a tailor in Pittsburgh. \n\nIt does seem a little expensive, but worth it, because its done correctly.
It was 1:00 pm on Friday and i was in a serious bind... I needed new suit pants altered and my flight was leaving the next day at 10:00 am. I called and Vincent said he would help. He got the job done, with a smile and his work was perfection. \n\nI would recommend Vincent to anyone needing alterations. Great customer service.
This is a bizarre CVS, the kind you would only want to go to in a pinch, and maybe not even then.\n\nI went to this one with my husband a couple of times to pick up prescriptions, and the vibe from start to finish is so weird. Let's start with parking, which is in a lot behind the store. There's not a lot of visibility to the lot since it is on the back side of the CVS. Being that it is a pharmacy, there wouldn't be a back door or windows, so the lot has a feeling of dangerous seclusion.\n\nInside the store, everything I saw told me that \""this is a pharmacy that is in a rough neighborhood\"": shelves are only about 4'6\"" tall (presumably so workers can see what people are doing in the aisles); bizarre things are locked in cabinets with clear covers (regular brands of shampoo?!); beauty items regularly updated, weren't (I, er, have a nail polish problem; some of the products were about 4 seasons behind and quite a few polishes were separated); it feels like there isn't enough room for the products, which are disorganized and crammed onto shelves (reference the odd shelf height limitation).\n\nIf you can spare the gas and time, there is another a CVS on Center Ave within a mile or so or a Walgreen's (Penn Circ S+Trade St.) and a Rite Aid (Baum+Negley) within 1/2 mile.
I go to this CVS all the time, since I work in the neighborhood.  I'm not a huge fan of it - I go mostly due to convenience.  Their greeting card selection is kind of lousy - I don't think I've ever found a decent card here.  I keep trying, every holiday or birthday, but every section is just full of duds.  Also, a lot of stuff is locked behind panels that you need the employees to unlock.  Like, razor blades.  And body wash.  BODY WASH?  It drives me nuts that I need to ask someone to open that shelf for me.  It makes no sense.  Staff is hit-or-miss with friendliness.  Some people are cheerful, and some act like they want you to go away.\n\nGood things - I love their coupon rewards.  I guess that's for all CVSes, not just this one, but it keeps me coming back because I get mad style coupons like every other visit.  And I had a good experience getting a walk-in flu shot from the pharmacy from the friendly (and quite attractive) pharmacist.  \n\nI'm just not crazy about the vibe here.  It just seems kind of depressing, with the stuff locked up and the smallish store with kind of a blargh selection.  I would much rather go to other pharmacies, but you can't beat this one for convenience (for me, anyway).  And they have a parking lot, if that helps you.
Never again. Let me repeat, never again. \n\nThe primary reason I used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions. Due to their repeated inability and ineptness in fulfilling simple requests, I cannot continue to patronize this store.\n\nWalking into the store, you are given the stink-eye by a minimum wage security guard, which automatically gives you as a customer the warm and fuzzy \""guilty-until-proven guilty\"" feeling a shoplifter would get, which is what this store assumes everyone is based upon their decision to lock up the mouthwash and shampoo.\n\nThe pharmacy seems to be staffed by high school interns.  They have no concept of customer service, nor do they display any attention to detail, which is quite frankly frightening in a pharmacy.  I really think my chihuahua would make a better pharmacist than the people who work here - my chihuahua lick you to death before you got your prescriptions, but at least you'd get greeted when you approach the counter, and you'd get what you ask for.\n\nThe first mishap was when my wife and I changed prescription insurance providers.  i handed wanna-be pharmacist #1 my new insurance card.  After spending about 5 minutes staring into a computer screen behind the counter, he assured me that they had my insurance information in the computer.  I then returned in the following days to fill a prescription, trusting in what wanna-be pharmacist #1 had told me in the days prior.  When I went to check out the bill came to over $300, which I chalked up \""maybe I have to meet a deductible before the coverage kicks in.\""  Upon further research, we discovered that wanna-be pharmacist #1 had NOT updated my insurance information and had run the numerous prescriptions I filled under my old insurance.\n\nThe latest of many \""adventures\"" involved my wife calling in a prescription refill.  We stopped to pick it up on the way home from work, only to be told when we arrived that the insurance won't cover the refill until tomorrow.  Again, she CALLED and SPOKE to one of them to refill the prescription before showing up.  I guess it's too much to ask to TELL someone you're speaking to on the phone that they need to wait a day for the insurance to work before coming into a ghetto pharmacy to not pick up a prescription.  But hey, at least wanna-be pharmacist #2 behind the counter was dressed like a stripper, which gave me and my wife some comic relief for the moment.  \n\nWe then returned the following day to (again) pick up the prescription we called to have refilled 2 days prior.  We were first told by wanna-be pharmacist #3 that there weren't any prescriptions waiting for us.  After searching around for a few minutes, they \""found\"" my wife's prescription refill, but it would take 10 minutes to be ready.  Yes, the prescription that we tried to pick up yesterday would need another 10 minutes to be prepared.  Hence, I am now here, writing this review.\n\nNever, ever again.
The times I've been here, its been an OK experience. However, their store hours are absolutely terrible. Closing at 7pm basically means they're never open when I would need to go there. Despite this being more conveniently located, Walgreens and Target end up getting most of my quick-shop business, simply due to late hours at night when I need to cook, clean, realize I'm out of toothpaste, have a headache, need a last-minute birthday card or whatever.
This place is a disaster. I made an appointment online for 5:30PM. When I got there they refused me service, asserting they close at 6:00PM. Nevermind that online published hours are from 7AM to 7PM. Furthermore, their own system sent me a confirmation email for my 5:30PM appointment. Finally, this building is an absolute dump... Goodyear should be ashamed to have the brand attached to it.
Tire replacement, was told it would take about 1.5 hours (when I had an existing appointment). It's almost been 2.5 hours and I'm still waiting. Ridiculous.
I experienced three main issues with this Goodyear location while purchasing/installing a new set of tires:\n\n-They did not have my name or appointment in their system when I showed up. Fortunately, they still honored my appointment. \n\n-They did not install tires correctly. Left for a business trip the following day, and once I got on the highway and my speed passed 65 mph, the car began to rattle (with my new \""comfort tread\"" tires). Booked an appointment, and they fixed the issue.\n\n-Two months later, I went to my Toyota dealership for routine maintenace. The dealer mechanic found that the lugnuts on the tires had been over torqued by Goodyear. So the Toyota mechanic had to saw them off of each tire and replace them with non-security locked nuts. (If I had a flat on the side of the road, I would have been SOL).\n\nAll of these issues were entirely preventable. The lack of expertise and techincal skill at this Goodyear location is abysmal. I do not recommend.
I was just there this morning for a 10am appointment to get my summer tires swapped out for my winter tires.  My regular mechanic was overbooked and there is snow coming on Monday.  Receptionist scheduled me in just fine and the quoted price was reasonable, so I said OK.  Upon arrival, store manager stated that they will not touch the car as it has aftermarket rims and lug nuts.  He did not state any restrictions about aftermarket parts as they could not guarantee the work.  I asked if this was the case for all rims and he became a little snotty.  I had heart surgery a while back and I can't do the jack and tire work as not to tear at my incision/breastplate, if this was not the case with my health, I'd certainly take care of it.  Aftermarket rims are common - should not be an issue.  Last time I ever set foot in that place.
Poor service that leaves tenants to fight mildew on their own. When asked to repair something, Rockwel Realty will do it on their terms and refuse to give you notice of when they will enter your apartment despite multiple requests\n\nWhen asked to clean mildew, they did in fact clean it with bleach while also spilling bleach on my sheets and ruining them. When told about this problem and that the mildew returned they said it was my fault for not turning the heat up and that damage done during service is an inherent risk the tenant is responsible for and nothing could be done. Their solution was for me to clean the mildew instead of properly insulating the unit to prevent mildew. \n\nThe entire building also has severe electrical problems that causes all lights to be replaced twice a month. No permanent fixes are made to existing units, but there is constant construction to expand an old building so they can collect more rent.
Exceptionally poor maintenance service. They refused to start heat before mid-October and the centrally heated apartment grew very chilly as Fall progressed. On another occasion, they refused to change a rusted and weak lock. The lock eventually gave way and I locked myself into the bathroom. After the incident, I requested that the lock be changed immediately, and one of the owners threatened saying that we were in default of our lease agreement for not keeping our apartment as clean as when it had been leased to us. Dealing with Rocco and Elisabeth is nice, but good luck getting anything done with Nick who seems to be increasingly handling the operations of Rockwel.
I'm a lawyer in NY and I'm visiting a friend in Pittsburgh. I am blown away by the code violations in this unit. The tenants said they have reported these issues to the owner and to no avail. I am hoping to direct these tenants to a lawyer in PA.
This place is nestled in a nice location next to the city water reservoir and highland park, making it a great place to grab a coffee if you are out for a morning walk. It offers a clean and casual interior and draws a more eclectic crowd than most cafes- leans a bit towards the business casual crowd. Still ha that neighborhood feel though. I have never had food there though they offer paninis. Great desserts. Good espressos and okay coffee.Outdoor seating. Good place to study. Plenty of laptop outlets and free wireless.
Do you see how all of the other reviews give this place 5 stars - this place is way more than a 5 star coffee shop.  I am giving all 5 stars to this delightful coffee shop because it is the perfect community coffee shop.  I am slightly saddened that they took out the 2 overstuffed chairs, but they need more tables because people like to come here and people hanging out in their community is a good thing.  It is 11:30 on a Monday morning and the place is almost full - there are always people coming going, getting coffee.\n\nIt is a great place to sit and read the paper or to pick up some coffee on your way to some place else.\n\nEnrico's also has become a hub for other community activities - there a a couple of weekly bike groups that meet here.\n\nOther reasons to love this place (I know some of the other reviews highlighted these but I thought they were worth repeating).\n\n- free wifi\n- outside tables\n- tasty treats\n- they have a blog!\n- really great coffee\n- the staff are coffee experts
Tazza D'Oro has a generally European decor, with dark, rich colors and textures, and a cozy layout that makes the most of the space. The espresso is, bar none, the best I've had - including my admittedly limited travels in Italy. It's stellar espresso - rich, thick, potent without being sour or bitter, with unique nuances that vary slightly depending on the shot and the weather, but are always fantastic.\n\nThe coffee is also terrific, and Tazza D'Oro uses Batdorf & Bronson beans - the best I've ever had for home grinding. They have a good selection of pastries and cookies, as well as a broad selection of tasty sandwiches that come with a satisfying side salad.\n\nIn addition, they have a wonderful selection of teas; I'm no expert, and don't know their supplier, but the half-dozen different blends I've tried were all memorably flavorful.\n\nAll that, and it's a lovely center of community, where you can bring your laptop or a book or a friend and spend the day. No one is rushed out the door, and there almost always seems to be a little room for your studies or conversation.
One of my favorite coffee places in Pittsburgh. THey also have pretty good sandwiches and salads if you are looking for some light lunch food. Otherwise, they have plenty of pasteries/cookies to eat that are pretty good.
Some of the best coffee I've ever had.  Ever.\n\nStick with an Italian Cappuccino and bring a good friend for some good conversation.
Unfortunately, the frustration of being Dr. Goldberg's patient is a repeat of the experience I've had with so many other doctors in NYC -- good doctor, terrible staff.  It seems that his staff simply never answers the phone.  It usually takes 2 hours of repeated calling to get an answer.  Who has time for that or wants to deal with it?  I have run into this problem with many other doctors and I just don't get it.  You have office workers, you have patients with medical needs, why isn't anyone answering the phone?  It's incomprehensible and not work the aggravation.  It's with regret that I feel that I have to give Dr. Goldberg 2 stars.
Been going to Dr. Goldberg for over 10 years. I think I was one of his 1st patients when he started at MHMG. He's been great over the years and is really all about the big picture. It is because of him, not my now former gyn Dr. Markoff, that I found out I have fibroids. He explores all options with you and is very patient and understanding. He doesn't judge and asks all the right questions. Very thorough and wants to be kept in the loop on every aspect of your medical health and your life.
I don't know what Dr. Goldberg was like before  moving to Arizona, but let me tell you, STAY AWAY from this doctor and this office. I was going to Dr. Johnson before he left and Goldberg took over when Johnson left. He is not a caring doctor. He is only interested in the co-pay and having you come in for medication refills every month. He will not give refills and could less about patients's financial situations. Trying to get your 90 days mail away pharmacy prescriptions through this guy is a joke. And to make matters even worse, his office staff is incompetent. 90% of the time when you call the office, they'll put you through to a voice mail, that NO ONE ever answers or returns your call. Both my adult children and husband have decided to leave this practice after experiencing such frustration. The entire office has an attitude like they are doing you a favor. Give me a break! Stay away from this doc and the practice. You deserve better and they will not be there when you really need them. I have never felt compelled to write a bad review about anyone until I met this pathetic excuse for a doctor who is all about the money.
I'm writing this review to give you a heads up before you see this Doctor. The office staff and administration are very unprofessional. I left a message with multiple people regarding my bill, and no one ever called me back. I had to hound them to get an answer about my bill. \n\nSecond, and most important, make sure your insurance is going to cover Dr. Goldberg's visits and blood work. He recommended to me that I get a physical, and he knew I was a student because I told him. I got the physical done. Later, I found out my health insurance doesn't pay for preventative visits. I received an $800.00 bill for the blood work. I can't pay for my bill because I'm a student and don't have any cash flow at this current time. I can't believe the Doctor wouldn't give me a heads up to make sure my insurance would cover work that wasn't necessary and was strictly preventative. The office can't do anything to help me cover the bill. In addition, the office staff said the onus is on me to make sure my insurance covers visits. Frustrating situation!
All the food is great here. But the best thing they have is their wings. Their wings are simply fantastic!!  The \""Wet Cajun\"" are by the best & most popular.  I also like the seasoned salt wings.  Wing Night is Monday & Wednesday night, $0.75 whole wings!\n\nThe dining area is nice. Very family friendly! The bar is very nice is well.  This place is truly a Yinzer's dream!!  \""Pittsburgh Dad\"" would love this place n'at!!
Wing sauce is like water. Pretty much a lot of butter and some hot sauce (franks red hot maybe).  The whole wings are good size and crispy, but for $1 a wing the sauce could be better. The hot and extra hot are about the same flavor/heat.  The fish sandwich is good and is a large portion, sides are decent.
Owning a driving range inside the city limits is like a license to print money.  I don't think I ask much out of a driving range.  Decent mats, clean balls and accessible hours.  Hell you need even less people now with the advent of the machine that doles out the balls.  This place has none of them.  It is april and there are no grass tees yet.  BTW they opened for the season this week although it has been golfing weather for a month.  The mats look like the carpet at my 107 year old aunt Irene's house.  Worn and thread bare.  Let's talk about the hours.  This place is equipped with lights yet they only sell buckets of balls until 730.  It is still light out.  Finally lets you have the pit to hit into.  When I arrived I wasn't sure if this was a driving range or an excavation site for a mastodon or a strip mining operation.  There is no grass on the range. Just mud.  Makes it a good tool to figure out how far you actually are hitting the ball.  Oh, they are cash only also.\n\nBottom line, this place sucks.  The best hope is that the owner sells it to someone that actually wants to make money and service golfers in Pittsburgh.
This place is absolute garbage...  Half of the tees are not available, including all the grass tees.  It is cash only, and they sell the last bucket at 8, despite having lights.  And if you finish even a minute after 8, don't plan on getting a drink.  The vending machines are sold out (of course) and they sell drinks inside, but close the drawers at 8 on the dot.  There are weeds grown all over the place.  I noticed some sort of batting cage, but it looks like those are out of order as well.  Someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be.
Before I finally made it over to this range I heard the same thing from most people - it's just fine to go work on your swing. I had such a low expectation I was pleasantly surprised. \n\nIt's a fairly big range - if you are familiar with Scally's in Moon, it seems like it has almost as many tees, though its not nearly as nice a facility. \n\nThe guys in the pro shop were two of the friendlier guys I've come across at ranges or at courses. Yards were indeed marked and there are some targets to aim for, and even some hazards to aim away from. \n\nA big red flag to me was the extra charge ($3) to hit off the grass. I am no range expert, but this is the 4th one I've been to and the first I've seen of that sort of nickel and diming....\n\nPrice for the golf balls was reasonable and I do plan to be back every week until they close up in October for the season. Hopefully, since its for sale, it will reopen as a golf facility again.
I drove by yesterday to get a sneak peak.  It re-opens on July 14th and I can't wait to take my kids.  The new range looks amazing.  The entire range appears to be turf, which may or many not help your game, but it looks really nice.  The tee boxes look state of the art and the club house looks like something you'll see on a newer course.  Can't wait to experience it!
After waiting for almost 30 minutes to trade in an old phone part of the buy back program, our customer service rep incorrectly processed the transaction. This led to us waiting another 30 minutes for him to correct it. Don't visit this store if you want pleasant or good service.
Wonderful reuben.  Map shown on Yelp page is incorrect. It is actually a different Hawkins.  I'd recommend a call for directions 412-271-9911.
After a morning of Thrift Store hunting, a friend and I were thinking of lunch, and he suggested Emil's after he'd seen Chris Sebak do a bit on it and had tried it a time or two before, and I had not. He said they had a decent Reuben, but to be prepared to step back in time.\n\nWell, seeing as how I'm kind of addicted to late 40's and early 50's, and the whole Rat Pack scene, stepping back in time is a welcomed change in da burgh...as long as it doesn't involve 1979, which I can see all around me every day.\n\nAnd yet another shot at finding a decent Reuben in da burgh...well, that's like hunting the Holy Grail. So looking under one more bush certainly wouldn't hurt.\n\nSo off we go right at lunchtime in the middle of...where exactly were we? At first I thought we were lost, driving around a handful of very rather dismal looking blocks in what looked like a neighborhood that had been blighted by the building of a highway. And then...AHA! Here it is! And yep, there it was. This little unassuming building with an add-on entrance with what looked like a very old hand painted sign stating quite simply 'Emil's. \n\nWe walked in the front door, and entered another world. Another time, and another place. Oh, and any Big Burrito/Sousa foodies might as well stop reading now. I wouldn't want to see you walk in, roll your eyes and say 'Reaaaaaalllly?'\n\nThis is about as old world bar/lounge/restaurant as it gets. Plain, with a dark wood bar on one side, plain white walls with no yinzer pics, good sturdy chairs and actual white linens on the tables. This is the kind of neighborhood dive that I could see Frank and Dino pulling a few tables together for some poker, a fish sammich, and some cheap scotch. And THAT is exactly what I love.\n\nOh...but good food counts too. \n\nWe each had a Reuben, and my friend had a side of fries. The Reubens were decent, but not NY awesome. A little too thick on the bread, but overall, tasty and definitely filling. Not too skimpy on the meat. I seriously CRAVE a true, good NY Reuben, but since I can't afford to travel right now, what I find in da burgh will have to do. But as we sat and ate, burgers came out to an adjoining table. Those were some big thick burgers. A steak went past for the table behind us. That was HUGE! And when we asked about it, the waitress said 'Yeah, it's huge and really good, and he only charges $12.99 for it, ain't that nuts?' Another table of five came in, and wham. Fish sandwiches PILED with breaded fish that looked amazing. Yeah, I want that, that, that and THAT!\n\nMy friend also mentioned that they have a Chicken Parm special one day of the week that is only served UNTIL 4 pm, and that it is fantastic. If only I could GET there on that week day before 4...\n\nThe waitress did a good job, especially since there was quite a growing crowd at lunchtime on a Saturday, and only one of her. She kept up and was very friendly. \n\nThey only have Pepsi products, so I had a brewed iced tea, which was very fresh, and she did pop by to ask about refills as often as she could. As the lunch hour went on, they were getting busy.\n\nEmil's is no frills, good portions, very reasonable prices, VERY comfortable neighborhood hole in the wall...kind of like Cheers, but in a blue collar neighborhood in the 1950's. Fan-freakin-tastic! I could feel at home here.\n\nYou definitely want to hit Mapquest or plug in your GPS though. I am not sure that I could find it again on my own...it really is a hidden gem. I will be making my friend take me back until I can memorize where the heck it is.\n\nAddendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich. Excellent. Truly. A pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun (as opposed to da burgh's seemingly popular hamburger bun). The fish was flavorful, the batter excellent, and for just $8. This may have been the best fish sandwich I've yet to have in da burgh.
This is a hidden gem, no really. It took us forever to find but well worth it. It is right across the street from the Rankin Police Station. The menu has a wide selection, I really couldn't decide what I wanted but I went with the ribeye sandwich. I'm glad i did too. Huge sandwich! I added mushrooms, it was very flavorful. My boyfriend got the fish sandwich, he enjoyed it as well. Fast and friendly service. Will definitely be back.
Awesome drink specials during happy hour. Fantastic wings that are crispy and delicious, wing night on Tuesday and Thursday!
